You know what I do is write for kids , and in fact , I 'm probably the author for kids , read in the United States .
And I always tell people that I do n't want to look like a scientist .
I can wear a farmer , or with leather clothes , and no one has ever chosen a farmer .
Today I 'm here to talk to you about circles and epiphanies .
And you know that an epiphany generally is something that dropped you somewhere .
You just have to go back to the apple to see it as a epiphany .
That 's the painting of a circle .
A friend of mine did that -- Richard <unk> .
It 's the complicated kind of circle of which I 'm going to talk to you .
My circle started in the 1960s at the middle school , in <unk> , Ohio where I was the weird one .
When he was beaten to bleed every week in the boys ' bathroom , until a teacher saved my life .
She saved my life for letting me go into the teacher 's bathroom .
I was making it secret .
For three years .
And I had to go from the city .
He had a thumb , and 85 dollars , and I ended up in San Francisco , California -- I found a lover -- and in the '80s , I felt the need to start working in organizations fighting against AIDS .
About three or four years ago , I got a phone call from that teacher , the <unk> lady who said , `` I need to see you .
I 'm disillusioned with adults that we never get to know us .
You could join Ohio , and please bring that man to know that you 've already found .
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer , and I 'd like you to get involved with this please . ''
Well , the next day we were in Cleveland .
We went to see , we laugh , we cried , and we realized that she needed to be <unk> .
We found him a place , the <unk> , and the <unk> and take care of her family , because it was necessary .
It 's something we knew how to do .
And as the woman who wanted to know me as an adult who came to meet me , it became a box of ash and was put in my hands .
And what happened was that the circle had been closed , it had become a circle -- and that epiphany of the one that I talked to them was done in itself .
The epiphany is that death is part of life .
She saved my life , my partner and I save her .
And you know that part of life needs everything that the rest of life .
It needs truth and beauty , and I 'm very happy that I 've talked a lot about this .
It also needs -- it needs dignity , love and pleasure , and it 's our work to provide those things .
Thank you .
As an artist , the connection is very important for me .
Through my work , I 'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature and that everything is interconnected .
I was for the first time to Antarctica about 10 years ago , and there I saw my first <unk> .
I was astonished .
My heart can quickly , I was <unk> , trying to understand what was in front of me .
I 'll all go around with the water almost 60 feet of water , and I could n't even think that was a snowflake about another <unk> over another year after year .
<unk> are born when they have gone from glaciers or break the ice barriers .
Each iceberg has its own individual personality .
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences .
Some of them refuse to give up and hold on to the end , while others ca n't stand it more and they would be engaged in a dramatic passion .
It 's easy to think , by seeing a eardrum , which are isolated apart and alone , as we see ourselves as humans .
But the reality is the opposite .
As a iceberg , I 'm breathing his ancestral atmosphere .
As you melts a eardrum releases rich fresh water in minerals that feeds many forms of life .
I close up to photograph these puzzles as if it was about the portraits of my ancestors , knowing that in these unique moments exist in that way , and they will not exist that way again .
It 's not the death when you melt off ; it 's not an end , but next to the cycle of life .
Part of the ice 's ice I photograph is very young -- it 's a couple of thousands of years .
And another part of the ice is over 100,000 years .
The last pictures I 'd like to show you is a iceberg who photographed in <unk> , Greenland .
It 's little often to get to witness a rolling eardrum .
Here they have .
You can see the left one little boat .
It 's about five meters .
And I 'd like to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your line of <unk> .
You can see here , it starts to roll , the ship has moved to the other side , and the man is standing up there .
This is an average iceberg .
It 's about 120 feet or 40 feet .
This video is in real time .
And so quickly , the iceberg shows a different side of his personality .
Thank you .
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979 , the same day , exactly at the same moment , every single one of a baby . Okay .
So two couples every one with a baby .
I do n't want them to get too much in the details of conception , because if you stop thinking about conception , I do n't want to pay attention .
Let 's think about that for a moment .
And on this stage , I want you to imagine that in a case , the chromosome and sperm joins the X X chromosome .
And in the other case , the X chromosome is joined the X X chromosome .
Both of them turn and starts life .
We 'll go back to talk about them later .
In my soil activity , it turned two roles .
In one of my roles , I work with the story of anatomy .
I 'm an historian by training , and what I study in this case is the way people were starting to get the anatomy of the way , and human bodies and <unk> , how the fluid fluids have considered , the idea of the body -- what have they thought about in the body .
The other role that performance works in my work is the activist , as patients ' advocate , or as I say sometimes , <unk> for people who are medical patients .
In this case , I worked with people whose physical features challenge social norms .
I 've been working , for example , with <unk> twins , two people inside one body .
I 've worked with people with <unk> ; people much lower than the average .
And I 've worked with many cases of people with outlier sex , individuals whose physical typology does n't fit into the male <unk> and female schemes .
In general lines , we can call it <unk> .
<unk> embraces many forms .
I 'm going to give you some examples of ways to have a sex that are not embedded in the normal male or female forms .
For example , there 's the case of the individual with <unk> Protection whose gene <unk> of the chromosome is saying to the <unk> , which we all have in the fetal life , which will become testicles .
And then , in the fetal life , the testes produces testosterone .
But because this individual does n't react to testosterone receptors , the body does n't react to the same .
It 's <unk> syndrome .
So there are high levels of testosterone , but no reaction .
As a result , the body develops following a typical female course .
When the baby is born , the baby looks like a child .
It 's a little girl . It 's raised as a girl .
And , often , it 's not until the puberty , when it 's growing and developing breast , but it does n't have the menstrual period , when someone realizes something 's going on .
After doing tests , you realize that instead of having ovaries and uterus , it actually has testicles and a chromosome .
The important thing to understand is that you can think of a man , but it 's actually not that way .
Women , like men , we have in the body , something called <unk> glands .
They 're in the back of the body .
<unk> glands produce <unk> , the <unk> hormone .
Most women as I -- I consider a typical woman ; it does n't know its <unk> structure ; I think to be a typical woman , most women as I are sensitive to <unk> .
We 're producing <unk> , and we respond to <unk> .
As a consequence , someone like me has the most exposed brain to the <unk> that the woman who was born with testicles that has the <unk> syndrome to the <unk> .
So sex is a complicated thing . It 's not that the <unk> are in the middle of the spectrum -- in some ways they can be everywhere .
Another example : A few years ago , I got a call from a 19-year-old year-old , been born and raised as a male ; he had a girlfriend , and she had sex with her , he had a life like a boy and he had just found out she had ovaries and uterus .
I had an extreme way of a disease known as <unk> <unk> <unk> .
He had the 20th chromosomes , and in the womb <unk> glands were so active that , in essence , creating a hormonal hormone environment .
As a consequence , their genitals were <unk> , his brain was exposed to the hormone typically male .
He was born with a child ; no one felt nothing .
And it was at age 19 when he started having medical problems caused by internal menstruation , when doctors discovered that , in fact , it was a woman inside .
Well , another quick example of a case of <unk> .
Some people with the 20th chromosomes develop what 's known as <unk> , which is to say , have <unk> tissue wrapped up in <unk> tissue .
We do n't know what that happens .
So , there are many varieties of sex .
The reason that children with this kind of bodies are going to be dwarfed , twins <unk> , or <unk> are <unk> to surgery , is not to be able to have a better physical health .
In many cases , people are perfectly healthy .
The reason for which is <unk> to various surgeries is that they are a threat to our social categories .
The system is usually based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings into a particular identity .
We have the idea that being woman is to have female identity ; it allegedly , being black , means to have African anatomy in terms of historical terms .
Very simplistic idea .
And when you show us a body that shows something quite different , we have problems with <unk> .
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about individualism .
Our nation is based on a concept of very romantic individualism .
Imagine how amazing it is to have children that are born as two people inside one body .
The most high case of the last year is the last year with South Africa <unk> <unk> ; they put in a trial in the <unk> <unk> .
A lot of journalists called to ask , `` What do you test are going to do to determine whether it 's <unk> or woman ? ''
And I had to explain to the journalists that there is no exam .
In fact , we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature does n't trace a line between men and women and men and men and <unk> and <unk> ; we are who we map that line .
So , what we have is a situation where the more we go through the science , we more need to admit that these categories -- that we were thinking of were a stable path categories that were fished directly with <unk> categories -- are much more than we thought .
And not only in terms of sex .
Also in terms of race , something that happens much more complicated than the terminology allows .
As we see , we get into a rough terrain .
Let 's look at , for example , the fact that we share at least 95 percent of the DNA with chimpanzees .
What do we know about the fact of them in just a few nucleotides ?
And as we moved on in science , we get more and more in an awkward area where we have to recognize that the simplistic categories that we 're going to be too simplistic .
And we 're looking at this in all walks of human life .
One of them , for example , in our current culture , in the United States today , are the struggles at the beginning and the end of life .
It 's hard to set up a moment from which a body becomes human and has different rights to the <unk> .
There are very <unk> discussions today on public , but I know within <unk> , when someone is considered dead .
Our ancestors had never got to deal with this question of whether someone was dead .
As long as they put a pen in front of the nose , and if he moved still , not yet .
If I stopped moving it .
But today we can , for example , extract vital organs from one body and put them in another body .
And as a consequence , we have to deal with a dilemma of actually determine someone 's death , and this puts us in a difficult situation where we do n't have the simple categories of the past .
And you might think that this explosion of categories could be happy to someone like me .
In politics , I 'm progressive , I 'm asking people with unusual bodies , but I have to admit that I was nervous .
<unk> that these categories are much more fragile than we were thinking about .
Let 's go from the point of view of democracy .
And to tell you about this tension , I first have to admit that I 'm a fervent fan of Parents .
I know they were racist , I know they were <unk> , but they were big .
I mean , they were so brave and bold and so radical on what they did , that I find each other in this <unk> <unk> music , and not the music , which is totally <unk> .
It 's because of what happened in 1776 with Parents .
Parents meet , for me , the first activists of anatomy and explain why .
And what they would reject was an anatomic concept , and it was <unk> with another that was radical and beautiful , and it stayed for 200 years .
And , as everybody remember , what we did n't have to do was the idea of the monarchy , the monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of anatomy .
The monarchs of the old world did n't know the DNA , but they had clear the idea of birth to birth .
They had the concept of blue blood .
They were from the idea that the political power was coming into the heart of the <unk> of the father to the father and then the son and so on .
Now I 'm assuming that the idea was rejected that idea and replaced it by a new concept , and that concept was that all men are created equal .
They would promote the game , and they decided that the anatomy that mattered was the anatomy in common and not the differences . That was very radical .
And partly they were doing it because they 're part of a <unk> system where two things were happening .
It was raising democracy , and at the same time they were born science .
And it 's very clear , if you look at the story of the Parents story , that many were very interested in science and the idea of a naturalist .
They were <unk> of supernatural explanations , and therefore caused the concept of supernatural power that goes from a vague idea of birth .
They were moving towards a naturalist .
And if we look at , for example , the Declaration of Independence , they talk about nature and the god of nature .
They do n't talk about God and the nature of God .
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are .
And as a result , we were passing the idea of anatomical coincidence .
And in doing so , they were laid the foundations of the Civil Rights movement .
They did n't think that way , but they did for us and it was great .
And what happened years later ?
And women succeeded .
Then it came the success of the Civil Rights movement with people from the <unk> <unk> , who said , `` Am I not a woman ? ''
We found men in the West Rights movement saying , `` I 'm a man . ''
Again , the color of color that will prescribe the anatomical coincidence on the anatomical difference and , again , succeeded .
We see the same thing with the <unk> movement .
The problem is , of course , as we look at coincidences , we have to start asking ourselves why we keep certain divisions .
But , attention , I want to keep some pale divisions in our culture .
For example , I do n't want to give a fish the same rights that a human .
I do n't want to say that we had to <unk> from anatomy .
I do n't want to say that the five-year-old kids had to allow them to have sex or marry .
There are some ways that for me make sense , and I think we should keep it .
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are , why keep it and make sense .
Well , let 's go back to those two beings at the beginning of this talk .
We have two beings , both <unk> in the middle of 1979 exactly the same day .
Let 's imagine that one of them , Mary , was born three months before I was : June 1 , 1980 .
Henry , on the contrary , was born in the end of the March one in March .
For the only fact that I was born three months before Mary attribute all the rights three months before Henry -- the right to the sexual consent , the right to vote , the right to <unk> .
Henry has to wait for all that is not because it has a different biological age , but because it was born after .
We find other oddities in relation to their rights .
Henry , in virtue of being considered man -- if I 'm not told if it 's <unk> , at virtue of being considered man now , is <unk> from the mandatory <unk> that Mary does n't have to worry about .
Mary , for her part , does n't have the same rights as the Henry in all states , for example .
Henry can marry all the states with a woman , but Mary can marry a woman just in some states .
So , they still persist out categories than in various ways , and in various ways , it 's structured and questionable .
And now the question is : What do we do now that science went so much in the field of anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a democracy based on the anatomy could crumble ?
I do n't want to give up science , but at the same time I feel like the science of science escapes .
Where do we go ?
It seems that what happens in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude : `` Well , we have to draw the line somewhere , so we 're going to do it . ''
But a lot of people are stuck in a rare position .
For example , Texas at a moment has decided to get married with a man , you do n't have to have chromosome and to marry a woman , you have to have chromosome .
Now , in practice , they do n't do exams with people .
But this is also very strange because the story I told you at the beginning of the <unk> syndrome to the <unk> .
If you look at one of the founding parents of modern democracy , Dr. Martin Luther King , in his speech `` I Have `` I Have '' `` I Have a solution . ''
It says that we should judge people , based on the color of their skin , but on the content of their character , '' going beyond the anatomy .
And I want to say , `` Yes , the idea seems very good . ''
But how do you do it ?
How do you judge people based on the content of their character ?
I want to point out that I 'm not sure we should be able to do this for <unk> rights to people , because I have to admit that I know from some <unk> that probably deserve more social services than some humans I know .
I also want to say that maybe some <unk> I know can make more informed , smart , mature and mature of their sex relationships that people from 40 I know .
So how do you put the issue of character content ?
It 's really hard .
And one part of me asks what would happen if the character of a person could in the future being measured with an instrument , maybe with MRI .
Do we really want to get to that point ?
I 'm not sure where we go .
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States is still leading this current thinking in relation to the issue of democracy .
We 've done a good job in defense of democracy , and I think we 're going to do a good job in the future .
We do n't live , for example , in a context like Iranian where a man who feels attracted to other men is susceptible to being killed , unless they 're willing to have a sex change , which is what it allows you to live .
We 're not in that situation .
I 'm glad to say that we do n't have a context like a surgeon who talked about a couple of years ago that had made a couple of years ago that I had done to give birth twins to then pick them apart and then grow their fame .
But when the phone asked him the reason for the operation , he was a very <unk> operation , he said that in that other kids would be very abused , and therefore I had to do it .
So I said , `` Well , have you considered the political asylum instead of surgical separation ? ''
America offers huge possibilities to people to be who are not who are not able to change the sake of the state .
So I think we need to be in the head .
Well , to finish , I want to say I 've been talking a lot about Parents .
And I want to think of how democracy would be , or as it might have been , if we had given more participation to mothers .
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a feminist , and that is that I think there may be different ideas coming from different anatomical typologies , in particular if there are people thinking about them .
Since years ago , since I 've been interested in <unk> , I 've also been interested in asking the sexual difference .
And one of the things that has been interested in is the differences between men and women in terms of thinking and operate in the world .
And what we know about <unk> studies is that women , on average , not all , but in <unk> tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and care about those who are <unk> within the group .
And if we think about that , we have an interesting situation in our hands .
And years ago , when I was in graduate school , one of my advisers who knew I was interested in the feminism thing , I considered a feminist , like <unk> made me a strange question .
`` Tell me what women has about female female . ''
And I thought , `` It 's the most stupid question I 've heard .
Feminism has to do with unraveling the stereotypes of gender , so there 's nothing feminine in the feminism . ''
But the more I 've thought about this question , the more I 've been similar to me that there 's a female woman in feminism .
I mean , there might be something , on average , something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more susceptible to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable .
So , okay , okay , if you 're all very attentive , to find the way to protect people in the state , it 's possible that , to have give more Mothers to this concept , we probably would have enriched the concept of protection with reciprocal support .
And maybe that 's what we need to do in the future when let 's take democracy beyond anatomy : to think less in the individual body , in terms of identity , and thinking more about relationships .
So as we try to create a more perfect union , let 's think about what we do for the other .
Thank you .
In 2007 , I decided we had to rethink how we think about economic development .
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where it wants to go to live and work , they have the possibility of choice between at least a bunch of different cities that are competing for attracting new residents .
Well , right now , we are far from that goal .
There are billions of people in developing countries that do n't count on a single city they were willing to do .
But the amazing thing about cities is they 're worth a lot more than their construction cost .
So we could easily reach out the world , tens , perhaps hundreds , new cities .
Well , this may sound absurd if you 've never thought about new cities .
But it 's just <unk> by apartment buildings .
Imagine that half of those who wanted to live in apartments , they were owners , and that the other half still is not yet .
They could try to increase the ability to make <unk> in all the existing buildings .
But you know that the problem that <unk> is that those buildings and the areas that surround them have rules to avoid the discomfort and the building distractions .
So it would be very hard to do all of those <unk> .
But you could go to a completely new place , build a whole new apartment building , always , and when the rules of that place would happen , the construction instead of putting PMS .
So I proposed that governments will build new reform zones of reform to contain cities , and I gave them a name : <unk> cities .
I later found out that more or less at the same time , <unk> and <unk> were thinking about the challenge of reform Honduras .
They knew that every year about 75,000 <unk> of their country to go to the United States , and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure those people could stay and make those same things in Honduras .
In the summer of 2009 , Honduras went through a constitutional <unk> crisis .
In the next regular election , <unk> <unk> was imposed on a platform in which <unk> reforms and at the same time reconciliation .
He asked him to <unk> her chief chief .
Meanwhile , I was preparing to give a talk at TEDGlobal .
Through a process of refinement and trial and error and a lot of evidence with users , I tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities to their most essential ideas .
The first point was the importance of the norms , such as those rules that they say you ca n't go and bother all of the current residents of apartments .
It 's a lot of attention to new technologies , but it takes both of technologies as well as the rules of progress , and they usually are the rules that keep us forward .
In the fall of 2010 , a friend of Guatemala sent to <unk> a link to the TEDTalk .
I showed it to <unk> .
They called me .
They said , `` Let 's get this to the leaders of our country . ''
So in December , we met in Miami , in a hotel conference room .
I tried to explain to you this point about how valuable cities are , much more valuable than their monetary cost .
And I used this picture that shows the value of the land in a place like New York City , look at it -- land that , in some cases , worth thousands of dollars per square meter .
But it was a pretty abstract discussion , and at some point , when there was a pause , he said , `` Paul , maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk . ''
And the talk described in very simple terms that a charter city is a place where you start with <unk> <unk> , a charter that specifies the rules that were attached there and a choice for people to choose if they want to go or not live under those norms .
So the president of Honduras called me , and he told me that we had to do this project , this is important , this could be the way that our country is advance .
He asked me to go back to me and I 'd talk again the four and five of January .
So I presented another talk full of data , which included an image like this , which was trying to explain that to make a lot of value to a city , this has to be very big .
This is a picture of Denver and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denver .
Only this airport is covering over 100 square miles .
So I was trying to convince the <unk> that to build a new city , you have to start with a site to measure at least 1,000 square kilometers .
That 's more than 100,000 hectares .
Everyone <unk> <unk> .
The faces of the audience were very serious and attentive .
The conference leader came to the platform and said , `` Professor <unk> , thank you very much for her talk , but maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk .
I 've got it here in my computer . ''
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk .
And this explained the essential , that a new city can provide new choices for people .
There would be a choice of a city that might be going to be in Honduras , rather than hundreds of miles away north .
And also included new options for leaders .
Because the government leaders of Honduras would need help from countries associated with help , could benefit from the countries that help them establish and make the norms of the charter , so that everyone could trust that the charter can actually be turned on .
We went and saw a site .
This picture is from there .
It could take a few thousand square miles .
And shortly after , 19th of January , they voted in Congress to <unk> their constitution and add a constitutional disposal that would allow us to create these special regions of development .
In a country that had just gone through this painful crisis , the voting in Congress in Congress for this constitutional amendment was <unk> to one .
All the games , all the factions in the society , really got it .
In the Constitution , it 's got to pass twice in Congress .
On February 17th , February was passed on another voting , so on one .
Immediately after the vote , from 21 to 24 , a delegation of 30 <unk> is to both places in the world that are most interested in engaging cities .
One of them is South Korea .
This is a picture of a new center of the city that 's building in South Korea -- it 's bigger than the Boston center .
Everything you see there were built in four years after they spent four years to get the permits .
The other country interested in building cities is Singapore .
In fact , they 've already built two cities in China , and they 're preparing for a third .
And if you think about this so practical mode , this is the point where we are .
They have a place , and they 're already thinking about a site for the second city .
They 're preparing a legal system that would allow the managers to come from , and then they would enable to operate under an external legal system .
A country has already committed to allow its Supreme Court to allow the ultimate court to this new judicial system .
There are urban planners and builders of cities that are very interested in the project .
They can even get some funding .
But the only thing we know you 've already solved is that they have a good number of inhabitants .
There are lots of companies that wanted to move in the Americas , especially in a place with a free trade zone , and there are a lot of people who 'd like to go to live there .
There are 700 million people who say they 'd like to change immediately to another place .
There 's a million a year coming out of Latin America to go to the United States .
Many of them are parents who have to leave their family back to their family to get a job ; sometimes they 're moms who have to gain money for just eating or buy clothes .
Unfortunately , sometimes even kids who are trying to meet with their parents who have n't seen , in some cases , in a decade .
So what do you think about building a new city in Honduras ?
Or do you build a dozen of these , or a hundred of these around the world ?
What seems to them think about insisting that families can choose between various cities that are competing for attracting new residents ?
This is an idea worth spreading .
And my friends were asked to say , `` Thank you TED . ''
I 'm <unk> , and this is my <unk> .
But before I show you what 's inside , I 'm going to make a public confession , and it 's alive obsessed with costumes .
I love finding , wear , and more recently , photographing and publish in my blog and bold and different suits for every time .
But I do n't buy anything new .
All my clothes is a second hand of <unk> markets and <unk> stores .
Oh , thank you .
Second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my <unk> in the environment and my wallet .
I 'm going to meet <unk> people , and usually my money goes to a good cause , and I look at it , and I 'll be able to buy a personal quest for treasures .
I mean , what am I going to find today ?
It 's going to be my size ?
Do I like color to like color ?
It will cost less than 20 dollars ?
If all the answers are positive , then I feel like I 've won .
Going back to my <unk> , I want to tell you what I packed for this exciting week at TED .
I mean , what brings someone all that clothes ?
So I 'm going to show you exactly what I brought .
I brought seven pairs of clothes inside , and nothing else .
Even a week is everything I 've put in my <unk> .
I thought it would be able to find everything else I 'd like to use after I got here to Palm Springs .
And because I do n't know how the woman walks by TED in underwear , that means I found some things .
And I 'd like to show you now the collections for this week .
Does n't sound interesting ?
As I do , I 'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that , believe it or not , I 've learned in this journey of not using new clothing .
Let 's start with Sunday .
I call this bright tiger .
You do n't have to spend a lot of money to look good .
You can almost always see a phenomenal thing for less than 50 dollars .
The whole set , including the jacket , took me 55 , and it 's the most expensive thing I 've used in the week .
Monday : color is energy .
It 's almost impossible to be out of bad humor , when you 're wearing bright red pants .
If you 're happy , you 're going to attract other happy people .
Tuesday : <unk> is integration .
I 've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time .
You just know yourself .
If you get rid of the right people , you 're not just going to understand you , you 're also going to tell you .
<unk> : <unk> of the child that you carry inside .
Sometimes people say to me that it seems to play the <unk> , or I remember their little <unk> .
I like to ask you and say , `` Thank you . ''
Tuesday : trust is the key .
If you think you look good at something , it 's almost safe that you are .
And if you think you do n't see you well , it 's probably true .
My mother taught me this day after day .
But it was n't until the 30 years I really understood .
And I 'm going to explain it in a few seconds .
If you think you 're a beautiful person in your inner and outside , you ca n't look at you .
So there 's no excuse for anyone in this audience .
We must be able to achieve everything we want to achieve .
Thank you .
<unk> : A universal truth for you : The golden <unk> go with everything .
And finally , Saturday : Developing a personal style of self , and only is a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word .
I 've tried it over and over again when people were approaching me this week simply by what I was using . And we had fantastic conversations .
Obviously , this is not going to go into my little <unk> .
So before I left home , to Brooklyn , I 'm going to give everything .
Because the lesson I 'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave certain things .
I do n't need emotionally <unk> these things , because around the corner , there will always be another crazy , colorful suit , and bright <unk> , if there 's a little love of love in my heart , and I look for it .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
This is a representation of your brain that we can split in two parts .
The left side , which is the logic , and the right side , which is the intuitive part .
So if you take a scale to measure the fitness for each hemisphere , we could design a blueprint of our brain .
For example , this would be someone who 's completely logical .
This would be somebody who 's totally intuitive .
So , where do you run your brain on this scale ?
Some of them are going on one of these extremes , but I think for most of the members of this audience , their brain is something like this -- with a big fitness in both hemispheres .
It 's not that it 's a mutually exclusive .
You can be logical and intuitive .
I consider myself one of those people , that just like most of the other quantum physicists , we need pretty much logic to make these complicated ideas .
But at the same time , we need pretty intuition to make the experiments really work .
How do we develop this intuition ? Well , we like to play with things .
We put ourselves playing with them and then we see how they react , and then we developed our intuition from that point .
And actually , you do the same thing .
A intuition that you can have developed over the years is the one that says one thing can be only in one place at once .
I mean , it may sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time , but you were n't born with this notion , they developed it .
I remember looking at a child playing on a parking bar .
It was a little kid , and he did n't do it very well , it always fell down .
But I bet the game with that parking lot showed him a valuable lesson , and it 's that big things do n't allow the <unk> , and that remain in a place .
This is a big conceptual model that you can have in the world , except you 're a particle physicist .
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist , because they do n't play with parking bars , they play with these little little particles .
And when they play with their particles , they discover that they do all sorts of really weird things -- as they can go through walls , or they can be in two different places at the same time .
And then they wrote all these observations , and they called the theory of quantum mechanics .
And at that point , the physics was a few years ago ; you needed to need quantum mechanics to describe those little particles .
But you did n't need to describe the big objects around us every day .
That did n't fit very well to my intuition , and maybe it 's because it 's not play very often .
Well , sometimes play with them , but not much .
And I 've never seen them .
I mean , nobody saw a particle .
But I did n't fit well to my logic .
Because if it 's all made of small particles and all the little particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics , then should n't it all follow the principles of quantum mechanics ?
I do n't find reason why it should n't .
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow prove that a common object is also following the principles of quantum mechanics .
That 's why a few years ago , I proposed to do exactly that .
And I did .
This is the first object that you can see has been in an overlap of quantum mechanics .
What we see here is a little computer chip .
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle .
That 's the little bit of metal I 'm going to talk about in a minute .
This is a picture of the object .
And here I 'm going to extend it a little bit . It finds right in the center .
And then here we make a good approach to the small metal metal .
What we see is a little bit of metal , and so on a springboard , and that shows up <unk> on a platform .
And then I did this almost about the same way you would make a computer chip .
I went to a clean room with a silicon chip chip , and I put up all the big machines for about 100 hours .
For the last material , I had to build my own machine -- to make this hole in a swimming form of swimming that is under the device .
This device has the ability to be in a quantum overlap , but it needs a little bit of help .
Let me make an analogy .
You know how uncomfortable it is to be on an elevator full of people .
I mean , when I 'm on an elevator alone , I do all sorts of weird things , but then when other people go up , I 'll leave you with doing those things , because I do n't want them to bother them , or , really frightening .
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way .
<unk> of all inanimate objects are not just people , it 's also the light that shines and the wind that goes on and the heat of the room .
So we knew that if we wanted this little bit of metal to agree to quantum mechanics , we would have to drive all the other passengers .
And that 's what we did .
We took the lights together , then we introduced a vacuuming and pulled all the air together , and then we cool it into a less temperature of a degree by absolute zero .
Now , by being alone on the elevator , the little piece of metal is free to act like .
So we measure their movement .
We found that it was moving in very strange ways .
Instead of staying perfectly still , I was vibrating , and the way that we were doing was like a breath in this form -- like a vibration that 's expanding and contracts .
And by giving a soft drive , we were able to make it <unk> , and that we do n't get to <unk> -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics .
So what I 'm telling you is something really fantastic .
What does it mean that a <unk> and not <unk> at the same time ?
Let 's think about atoms .
In one case , all the trillions of atoms that make up that piece of metal are still , and at the same time those same atoms are moving up and down .
It 's only in certain points when they align them .
Over the rest of the time they 're <unk> .
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time , what it is at the same means that all the piece of metal is in two different places .
I think this is great .
Really .
It 's worth <unk> in a clean room to do this for all of those years , because , look at this , the difference in scale between one single atom and that little bit of metal is more or less the same as the difference between that little bit of metal and you .
So if one only atom can be in two different places at the same time , and that piece of metal can be in two different places , why do n't you ?
I mean , it 's my logic that speaks .
So imagine if you were in several places at the same time , how would that be ?
How do you act your consciousness if your body was <unk> in space ?
There 's another part of the story .
And it 's when we heat it , and we turned the lights into the box , we saw that the metal was still there in one piece .
And I could get to this new intuition , apparently all the objects on the elevator actually only are quantum objects that are just close together in a small space .
You hear a lot about how quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected .
Well , that 's not that true .
It 's more than that , it 's deeper .
It is that those connections , your connections to all the things that surround you , literally define who you are , and that 's the profound queerness of quantum mechanics .
Thank you .
My name is <unk> .
And 18 months ago I was doing another work on Google , until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss that allowed me to do it .
It took me 18 months .
Many negotiations and stories , I assure you , with 17 very interesting museums , nine countries .
But I 'm going to focus on the demo .
There 's a lot of stories about why we did .
I think my own story is just explaining in this slide , and this is access .
I grew up in India .
I had a big education , but I had no access to many of these museums and works of art .
So when I started traveling and go to museums , I started learning a lot .
And working on Google , I try to make the desire to make it more accessible through technology .
So we formed a team , a great team of people , and we started to do it .
Well , I 'd better look for the demo to then explain to you a couple of interesting things that we 've done since their launch .
So , just : we 're going to go through it .
Look around all of the museums there are .
There 's the <unk> gallery , MoMA , <unk> , <unk> , Van Gogh .
I 'm actually going to go into one of my favorites , the <unk> , the art museum in New York City .
There are two ways of doing it -- very simple .
We click on and , <unk> ! We 're inside the museum .
No matter where you 're , Bombay or <unk> , that really does n't matter .
You move around and have fun .
You want to navigate the museum ?
We opened up the plane , and , with one click , we jumped into it .
They 're inside , they want to go at the end of the hallway .
continue to go forward . ''
<unk> .
Thank you , but I did n't get the best .
Now I 'm in front of one of my favorite paintings , `` The <unk> , '' from Pieter <unk> in the <unk> .
I see the sign .
If the museum shows us , we click there .
Look , this is one of the images .
Here 's all of the metadata information .
For those of you who are really interested in art , you can click there , but I 'm going to click here right now .
And this is one of the images we 've captured in what we call <unk> technology .
So this image , for example , contains , I think , about 10,000 billion pixels .
And there are many people who ask me , `` What do you get with 10,000 million pixels ? ''
So I 'll show you what you really get with 10,000 billion pixels .
You can zoom in around a very simple way .
They look at fun things that are happening .
I love this guy , his expression does n't have price .
But if you really want to go down .
So I started playing , and I found something that was happening there .
And I said , `` A moment , this is interesting . ''
I walked in and discovered that kids were actually playing something .
I did a little bit , I talked to some people from the <unk> , and I actually found that this is a game called <unk> , which is to hit a <unk> with a stick on the Carnival .
And apparently it was very popular .
I do n't know why they did it , but I 've learned something about it .
And now we 're going to get to it even deeper and see that you can actually get to the cracks .
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective , I 'm going to pull the image , so you 'll see what there is .
This is where we were , and this is the painting .
The best thing is to come , a second .
So now we 're going quickly to jump again at MoMA in New York City .
Here 's another one of my favorites , `` The night <unk> . ''
The example I showed you was to find details .
But what if you want to look at the <unk> ?
And if you want to see how van Gogh actually created this masterpiece ?
It goes up and really does it .
I 'm going to one of my favorite parts in this picture , and I 'm really going to get to the cracks .
This is `` The Night <unk> '' -- I think I 'd never seen it before .
I 'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions .
There are many things here , but I do n't have time to show them .
This is the really cool part . It 's called `` <unk> . ''
All of you , absolutely , does n't matter whether it 's rich or poor , or if you have a mansion , that gives you the same .
You can create your own museum , create its own collection from all these images .
It 's very simple , we enter it , I 've created this function that I call `` the Power of zooming in , '' -- we just zooming around around .
This is `` The ambassadors '' at the National Gallery in London .
You can write things out , send your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel at contemplating these masterpieces .
So in conclusion , I think for me , the main thing is that all amazing things do n't come from Google .
No , in my opinion , even they do n't come from the museums .
Maybe I should n't say this .
Actually , they come from those artists .
And that 's been my humble experience with this .
I mean , I hope that in this digital medium to do justice to its artwork , and it 's represented properly online .
And the great question I 'm doing today is , `` You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum ? ''
And the answer is not .
It 's to supplement experience .
And that 's all . Thank you .
Thank you .
Good evening everyone .
I have something to show you .
Think of it is a pixel , a flying pixel .
In our lab , we call it responsive design .
I 'm going to tell you a little bit about this .
If you look at this picture -- I 'm an Italian origin , all the children in Italy grow with this picture on the wall of his bedroom , but the reason I show you this is that there 's something really interesting to Formula 1 in the last two decades .
Now , some time , if you wanted to win a year of Formula 1 , I would take a budget , and you 'll get it into a good pilot and a good car .
And if the car and the pilot were good enough , you 'd win the race .
This is what , in engineering , the real-time control system .
It 's essentially a system that has two components : a sensor and a <unk> .
What 's interesting is that the control systems in real time are starting to go into our lives .
Our cities , in the last few years , have been covered in networks and electronics .
They 're turning computers to the air .
And as such , they 're starting to respond differently , and they can be screened for and <unk> .
<unk> cities is big .
As a note , I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the planet 's cortex , but they represent 50 percent of the world 's population .
75 percent of energy consumption -- and to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions .
If we could do something with cities , it would be a big thing .
Beyond cities , all of these detections , and you 're getting into our everyday objects .
This is from an exhibit of rye <unk> for the end of the year at MoMA , during the summer .
It 's called `` To me . ''
Well , our objects , the environment , they start talking .
In a way , it 's like almost all the existing atoms would become sensors and actuators .
And that 's changing the interaction that as humans have with the outer environment .
It 's almost like the old dream of Michelangelo 's dream .
You know , when Michelangelo was played the Moses , it 's said that I was at the end of the hammer , and he threw him in the Moses -- you can still see a little bit of a <unk> , and he said , `` Would you say , `` <unk> ? ''
Well , today , for the first time , our environment starts to speak .
And I 'm going to show you just a few examples -- insisting on the idea of getting the environment and push something .
Let 's start with detection .
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects in our lab .
This was four years ago in Italy .
It was a summer with luck in 2006 .
It was the year that Italy won the World Cup .
Maybe some of you remember it , they played Italy and France , and at the end , he gave the <unk> .
And anyway , the end won Italy .
Now let 's see what happened that day by looking at the activity of the activity , right ?
Here we see the city .
You see the Coliseum in the middle and the <unk> River .
It 's the morning before the game .
The time line is on the top .
In the late evening , there are people over here and making calls , moving .
It starts the game : silence .
<unk> from France , <unk> from Italy .
<unk> ; people do a quick call and go to the bathroom .
Second time . End of timing .
First extra time , second .
<unk> , and at a moment , the <unk> .
He won Italy , yes !
That night , everyone was to celebrate it to the center .
That 's the big peak .
The next day , they all went to the center of the winning team and the prime minister of then .
And then everybody went down .
You see the image of the place called <unk> Massimo where , from the Roman period , people will celebrate ; it 's a great party , you can see the peak at the end of the day .
This is just an example of how you can measure the city pulse in a way we would n't have been able to do a few years ago .
Another quick example of detection : it 's not about people , but things that we use and consume .
Today we know all about the background of our objects .
This is a map that shows all the chips that make up a Mac , how you assemble it .
But we know very little about where things go .
So in this project , we developed a few small tags to track the garbage into the system .
We started with a few volunteers who were helped us in Seattle a little bit more than a year ago , to tag what they were throwing -- different kinds of things , as you can see , things that in all sorts of modes .
Then we put a little chip , a tag , to the trash and then we started <unk> .
These are the results of the results .
In Seattle ...
after a week .
With this information , we realized that there are a lot of inefficiencies in the system .
We can do the same with much less energy .
These are data that did n't exist before .
There 's complicated things happening , and there 's a lot of unnecessary transportation .
But the other thing we think is that if you look at every day that the cup that <unk> does n't disappear , that 's still somewhere on the planet .
If the plastic bottle that we throw on one day still is still there .
And if we show it to people , then we can promote some behavioral change .
That was the reason for the project .
My colleague at MIT , <unk> <unk> , could tell us a lot more about detecting and many other great things that we can do with that , but I wanted to go to the second part that we 've talked at the beginning , which is push about the environment .
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in <unk> .
It all started with a question of the mayor of the city , which came up and told us that Spain and the south of Europe have a beautiful tradition of use of water in public spaces , in architecture .
And the question was , how can technology do , new technology , you add to that ?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT , in a workshop , is , imagine you have a trunk and valves , tubes , <unk> , which is open and closes .
It was created as a curtain of water , with water pixels .
If you drop the pixels , you can write in them , show patterns , pictures .
And when you zoom in , the curtain will open so that we can go through , as you see in the picture .
We introduced this to the <unk> mayor .
He liked a lot .
And we put a commission to design the building to the Expo .
We call it the Digital Water .
The whole building is made of water .
There 's no doors and windows , but when you 're approaching it , it opens up so you can go through .
The ceiling is also covered in water .
And if there 's a bit of wind , if you want to minimize the <unk> , you get the ceiling down .
Or you can close the building , and all architecture is gone , like in this case .
Those days will always be someone , in the winter , when you go down the roof , someone who was there and said , `` Let 's get the building . ''
No , it 's not that they have demolished , but when it comes down almost all architecture .
Here it is working .
You see the people who go through it .
And here I am myself trying to not get wet by trying to test the sensors that open the water .
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working .
That night was actually even more fun .
All the children of <unk> came to the building because the way to interact had changed a little bit .
It was no longer a building that would open to you , but a building that was still making cuts and holes in water , and you had to jump to not get wet .
Now , for us that was very interesting because as architects , engineers , designers , we always think about using the use of people to give our designs .
But then the reality is always unpredictable .
And that 's the beauty of doing things to interact , that people use .
This is a picture of the building with the physical pixels , the pixels of water , and of projections on them .
And this is what led us to think about the next project I 'm going to show you .
Imagine those pixels could start flying .
Imagine that you could have little helicopters in the air , and each one had a little pixel that changes color as if it was a cloud that moves in space .
This is the video .
Imagine a helicopter as the one we saw before , moving with others in sync .
We could form this cloud .
A kind of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions .
Or normal , but in three dimensions , where what changes is light , not the pixels of the missing .
You can play with a different kind .
Imagine that the screen appears at different scales and sizes , in different types of resolution .
And then all of that could be a <unk> cloud in which you can zoom in , and go through , and see from very different angles .
This is the real controlled <unk> , going down to form a V , like before .
When the light lights up , you see this . The same thing we saw before .
Imagine each one of them controlled by a person .
We can have each pixel with a input that comes from people , the movement of people , etc. , etc .
I want to show you something for the first time .
We 've been working with <unk> <unk> of the best ballet dancers of today , the star from the New York City <unk> and La Scala <unk> to capture their movements in 3D and use it as input to <unk> .
Here we can see <unk> dancing .
On the left you see the pixels , capture it in different resolutions .
It 's both 3D digitization in real time as a movement capture .
It can spread all the movement .
You can go all the way around .
And once we have the pixels , we can play with them , with the color and the movement , with gravity and rotation .
We want to use this as a possible entry for <unk> .
I wanted to show you the last project we 're working on .
It 's something for the London Olympics .
It 's called the Cloud .
And the idea is , imagine again , that we could get people to do something and change our environment , as a <unk> farm as a barn farm , but with a cloud .
So imagine that we could make everybody <unk> a little bit for a pixel .
And I think what 's remarkable in the last few years is that , in the last two decades , we spent the physical world into the digital world .
We 've digitized everything like knowledge , and it 's accessible to the Internet .
Today , for the first time -- the Obama campaign we had , we can move from the digital world , of the self-organizing power of the networks , the physical world .
In our case , this may we want to use it to design and make a symbol .
That would mean something that would be built in a city .
But tomorrow can be to address the challenges of today : think about climate change or CO2 emissions , how do we go from the digital world to the physical world ?
The idea is that we can make people engage in doing this together , collectively .
The cloud is a cloud , again , made of pixels in the same way that the actual cloud is a cloud of particles .
And those particles are water , whereas in our cloud , they are missing .
It 's a physical structure in London , but it covered the pixels .
You can move inside , have different experiences .
You can see from the bottom , it will serve to share the main moments of the 2012 Olympics , and even more , and it can be used as a way of connection to the community .
So , it 's both a physical cloud of the sky as something that you can climb up , like a new top of London .
You can go into there .
As if it was a new digital beacon at night , but the most important thing is that it will be a new experience for anyone to go to the top .
Thank you .
Would you like to be better than what they are ?
Suppose I told you that , with just a few changes in their genes , they could improve memory -- for a more accurate , more accurate and faster .
Or maybe they would like to be in better ways , to be stronger , to have more resistance .
Would you like to be more attractive and secure ?
What about living more with good health ?
Or maybe be those people who always wanted to be more creative .
What else would you like ?
What would you like , if you could choose something ?
( Audience Member of Audience : Creativity . Creativity .
How many people would choose creativity ?
Raise your hand . Let me see .
A few . It 's probably about the number of creative people present .
That 's very good .
How many would you choose memory ?
A few more .
What about the physical state ?
A little less .
What about longevity ?
Oh , most of them . That makes me feel very well as a doctor .
If you could have something about this , the world would be very different .
Is it just imagination ?
Or is it possible ?
Evolution has been a <unk> issue here at the TED conference , but today I want to give you a doctor on the topic .
The great geneticist of the 20th century , <unk> . <unk> , which also <unk> in the church <unk> <unk> , wrote an essay called `` Nothing in biology makes sense to the light of Evolution . ''
But if you actually accept biological evolution , consider this : is it just about the past , or the future ?
It comes to the other or us ?
This is another look at the tree of life .
The human part of this branch , right at one end , is , of course , the one we 're interested in .
<unk> of a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago .
In the interval , there 's been perhaps 20 , 25 different species of hominids .
Some of them have gone and back .
We 've been here about <unk> years .
It might seem that we 're very far from other parts of this tree of life , but actually , most of the basic machinery of our cells is more or less the same .
Do you realize that we can harness and control the machinery of a common bacterium to produce the protein of human insulin that 's used to treat diabetes ?
This is not as human insulin , but it 's the same protein , chemically indistinguishable , of which comes out of the pancreas .
And talking about bacteria -- you realize that we all have in the gut , the more bacteria we have in the rest of the body ?
Maybe 10 times .
I mean , think about -- when Antonio Damasio is asking them about <unk> -- think about bacteria ?
The gut is a beautifully hospitable environment for those bacteria .
It 's warm , dark , wet , is very welcoming .
And we 're going to give them all the nutrients that you can want without an effort on their part .
It 's really like a quick pathway for bacteria with the occasional disruption of some rush <unk> towards output .
But , for others , we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life .
They help digest nutrients essential , and they protect us from certain diseases .
But what lies the future ?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species ?
Or meant to become something different , something perhaps better adapted to the environment ?
In this vast <unk> symphony of the universe , life on Earth is like a brief compass ; the animal kingdom , as a single and only <unk> -- and human life , a little bit of grace .
That was us .
And it was also the fun part of this talk , so I hope they 've enjoyed you .
When I first went to college , I had my first class of biology .
I was fascinated by elegance and the beauty of biology .
I fell in love with the power of evolution , and I realized something fundamental : most of the existence of life , in the single-celled organisms , every cell simply split , and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to the two daughters .
But when the organisms appear , things start to change .
It goes into the sexual reproduction .
And something very important : with the emergence of sexual reproduction that happens the genome , the rest of the body becomes <unk> .
In fact , you could say that the inevitability of our bodies come into evolution at the same moment of sexual reproduction .
I have to tell you that when I was a college student , I thought , well , <unk> , death with sex -- it seemed pretty reasonable at that time , but with every year that was happening , every time I had more doubt .
I came to understand the feelings of George Burns , who was still acting in Vegas in their 90s .
And one night , someone hits their hotel door .
He opens the door .
In front of him , he finds a little <unk> dancer in front of him .
He looks at it , and he says , `` I came in for a `` sex soup . ''
`` All right , '' he says George , `` I pick up the soup . ''
I realized , as a doctor , that I was working on a different goal to the goal of evolution -- not necessarily counterintuitive , just different .
I was trying to preserve the body .
I wanted us to get healthy .
I wanted to restore health in the disease .
I wanted us to live more and healthier .
Evolution is going to go through the genome to the next generation -- adapting and <unk> generation after generation .
From an evolutionary point of view , you and I are like <unk> rockets that are designed to send the genetic burden to the next level , and then let 's let us fall into the sea .
I think we all understand the feeling that he named Woody Allen when he said , `` I do n't want to achieve immortality through my work .
I want to do it not dying . ''
Evolution does n't necessarily favors longevity .
It does n't necessarily follow the biggest or the louder or the faster or even the smartest .
Evolution favors the best adapted creatures to their environment .
That 's the only test for survival and success .
In the bottom of the ocean , <unk> bacteria that can survive , if there were fish there , fish cooked in the vacuum , yet they 've managed to do that a welcoming environment .
So what does this mean , when we look at what 's happening in evolution and if we come back to thinking about the place of humans in evolution , and in particular , if we looked forward , the next phase -- I would say there 's a lot of possibilities .
The first one is that we do n't know .
We 've reached a kind of balance .
And the thinking behind that is that through medicine , first of us , we 've been able to preserve a lot of genes that would have been discarded and cut out of the population .
And secondly , as a species , we 've set up our environment so that we are adapted to us as well as we adapt to him .
And by the way , we migrated , <unk> , and we 're very excited about that it 's not possible to have the isolation that evolution was happening .
A second possibility is that there is an evolution of traditional , natural type , dictated by the forces of nature .
And the argument here would be : that the gears of evolution roll slowly , but they 're <unk> .
And in terms of isolation : when the species like <unk> planets are going to exist the isolation and the environmental changes that can produce natural evolution .
But there is a third possibility , an attractive , intriguing possibility .
I call it <unk> , new evolution , which is not simply natural -- but yaw and selected for us as individuals in the decisions we will .
Now , how could this happen ?
How could we get to do this ?
First , consider reality that many people today , in some cultures , are making decisions about their offspring .
In some cultures , they 're choosing to have more males than women .
It 's not necessarily good for society , but it 's what you pick up to the individual and family level .
Just think that if any possible could be able to choose not only your offspring , but in their own body , make the genetic adjustments to cure or prevent disease .
What if we could make the genetic changes to eliminate diabetes or Alzheimer 's disease or reduce the stroke ?
Would you not want to make those changes in your genes ?
If you look at the future that kind of changes is going to be increasingly possible .
The Human Genome Project began in 1990 and sued 13 years .
<unk> billion dollars .
The next year of being done , in 2004 , I could do the same job for 20 million dollars in three or four months .
Today , you can get a complete sequence of three million base pairs in the human genome to a cost of close to $ 20,000 and a week .
Not a lot to make the human genome to reality for $ 1,000 and getting more and more at the grasp of all .
These changes come .
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect us from themselves , but they 're going to induce any other virus immunity .
Believe it or not there 's an experimental trial in course with the flu vaccine in blood cells in a tobacco plant .
Can you imagine something good that comes out of tobacco ?
That 's actually today and the future is going to be increasingly possible .
So imagine , only other two small changes .
Can you change the cells in their bodies , but if they could change your offspring cells ?
What if they could change the sperm and the eggs , or change the <unk> <unk> , and give her children a better chance of a healthier life , eliminating diabetes , eliminating <unk> , reduce the risk of cancer ?
Who does n't want healthier children ?
And then , that same analytical technology , that same engine of science that can produce the changes to prevent diseases is going to allow us to also adopt <unk> -- a better memory .
Why do n't you have the ingenuity of a Ken Jennings especially if you were able to deal with the next generation of the machine Watson ?
Why do n't you have a <unk> muscle muscle that allowed us to run faster and further distance ?
Why not live longer ?
This is going to be compelling .
And when we 're in conditions of tackling this to the next generation , and we can adopt the attributes that we want to have become the evolution of before the <unk> .
We 're going to take a process that normally could take 100 thousand years , and we can compress it to 1,000 years and maybe happen within the next 100 years .
These are choices that their grandchildren , or grandchildren of their grandchildren , are going to have before them .
Are we going to use these choices in which a better , more successful , more considered ?
Or , are we going to choose selectively attributes that we want for some of us , but not for others ?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more robust and more maneuverable ?
This is the kind of question we 're going to have to face .
And the deepest of all : Are we going to be able to develop wisdom and inherit the wisdom necessary to make these decisions wisely ?
For good or wrong , and before you might think , these choices are going to depend on us .
Thank you .
Imagine a big bang when you 're at 900 feet high .
Imagine a plane full of smoke .
Imagine an engine making <unk> , <unk> , <unk> .
<unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> . It sounds terrifying .
Well , I had a single seat that day . I was sitting in the <unk> .
It was the only one I could talk to the flight assistants .
So I immediately looked at them , and they said , `` There 's no problem . You probably hit some birds . ''
The pilot had already taken off the plane , and we were n't so far .
You could see Manhattan .
Two minutes later , three things happened at the same time .
The pilot <unk> the plane with the Hudson River .
Mostly that 's not the route .
They were going to get the engines .
Imagine being on an airplane and no noises .
And then he said three words .
Three more <unk> words I 've ever heard .
He said , `` <unk> for the impact . ''
I did n't have to talk more with the flight assistant .
I was able to see it in his eyes .
It was terror . Life is finished .
I want to share with you three things I learned about myself that day .
I learned that everything changes in a moment .
We have this list of things to do before we die , these things that we want to do in life , and I thought about all the people I wanted to get to , and I did n't , all the fences that I wanted to repair , all the experiences that I wanted to have and I never had .
As I thought about that later , I was a phrase , which is , `` collect bad wine . ''
Because if the wine is ready , and the person is there , I 'm going to open it .
I do n't want to know anything in life .
And that urgency has really changed my life .
The second thing I learned that day -- and this is , as I went through the bridge , George Washington bridge , which was n't for a lot of -- I thought about , wow , I really feel a great deal .
I 've lived a good life .
In my humanity and my mistakes , I 've tried to improve everything I did .
But my humanity also gives rise to my ego .
And I 'm sorry the time I wasted on things that I did n't care about people who matter .
And I thought about my wife with my wife , with my friends , with people .
And then , as <unk> , I decided to remove the negative energy of my life .
It 's not perfect , but it 's much better .
In two years , I have n't had a fight with my wife .
It feels about wonders .
You know , I 'm not trying to be right ; let me be happy .
The third thing I learned -- and this is how your mental clock goes <unk> , `` 15 , 14 , 13 . ''
You see the water <unk> .
I 'm saying , `` Please flies . ''
I do n't want this to be broken in 20 pieces as you see in those documentaries .
And as I said , I had the feeling of , wow , dying is not afraid .
It 's almost like we 've been <unk> for it all our life .
But it was very sad .
I did n't want to go . I love my life .
And that sadness was going into a single thought , which is , just wish one thing .
I wish I could see my children to grow .
A month later , I was on a performance of my daughter -- first grade , not much artistic talent -- still . And I scream , cry , like a small one .
And for me , that was the whole reason for the world .
At that point I understood , when I connect those two points , that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great parent .
For above all , the only goal I have in life is to be a good parent .
I gave me a miracle , not to die that day .
And they gave me another gift , which was the possibility of looking back and live in another way .
You 're flying to you today , the challenge you can imagine that the same thing happens in your plane -- and please do n't -- but imagine , and how do you change ?
What would you do , they still expect to do because they think they 're going to live forever ?
How would your relationships change and negative energy on them ?
And most importantly , are the best parents who can ?
Thank you .
I 've clearly been blessed with a lot of amazing projects .
But the most great thing that I worked was for this guy .
The guy 's called <unk> .
<unk> was one of the most important <unk> <unk> .
One day he came home after running , and he said , `` Dad , I 'm sorry .
And that was the beginning of ALS .
Today , it has total paralysis .
You can only use your eyes .
Her job influenced me .
I have a design company and animation company , so , obviously , graffiti is something we admire and respect in the world of art .
So we decided that we were going to sponsor Tony , <unk> , and its cause .
So I went and met with his brother and father and said , `` Let 's give you this money .
What are you going to do with him ? ''
And his brother said , `` I just want to be able to talk to Tony again .
I just want to be able to communicate with him and that he 's able to communicate with me . ''
And I said , `` A second , it 's not that you 've seen Stephen <unk> , is n't that all people with paralysis can communicate with those devices ? ''
And he said , `` No , unless you be somebody important , and you have a very good , you ca n't actually do it .
These devices are not affordable for people . ''
And I said , `` Well , how do they communicate then ? ''
Did anybody to see the movie `` <unk> and butterfly '' ?
They communicate that way -- they 're marking up with the finger .
I said , `` That 's archaic . How can it be ? ''
So I showed up with the only wish to deliver a check , and instead of he signed a check that had no idea how he was going to cover .
I committed to his brother and his father there at that very moment , `` All right , this is the deal : Tony 's going to talk , we 're going to build a machine , and we 're going to find a way to make his art again .
Because it 's ridiculous that someone who has so much on your interior ca n't communicate it . ''
So I talked about a couple of months later .
I met these guys called <unk> Research Lab , which have a technology that allows them to project a light on any surface , and then , with a laser pointer , they draw about that and it 's the negative space .
So they go out there making art facilities like this .
All the things that appear , they say , they 're part of a life cycle .
They start with sexual organs , then with the bad words , then with the Bush attacks , and in the end , people start doing art .
But there was always a cycle of life in their presentations .
And so it started the journey .
And about two years later , about a year after a year after a year , after a lot of organization , and a lot of moving things on one side we had achieved a couple of things .
One , we touch the gates of the insurance companies and we got a machine that <unk> could communicate , a machine like Stephen Hawking .
Which was great .
And seriously , it 's the most fun thing ; I call it <unk> , because when you talk to the guy , you get an email from him , and you say , `` I do n't play it . This guy is fantastic . ''
The other thing that we did was to bring seven programmers around the world 's going to come from every corner of the <unk> to our house .
My wife , kids and I , moved into the back garage , and these hackers and programmers and <unk> took control of the house .
Many of our friends thought that we did something totally stupid , and when they were able to have taken off the walls , and instead would have graffiti .
But for two weeks , we went down to the shipping ride , my son was part , my dog , too , and we created this .
It 's called <unk> .
They 're a pair of cheap sun glasses that we buy at the shipping jet ride , some copper wire and the Radio Shack .
We take a <unk> camera , we put it open , we put it up on an LED light , and now there 's a device that is free -- and you build yourself , we published the code on the software low for free .
And we created a device that has no limitation at all .
There 's no insurance company that says , `` No . ''
There 's no hospital I can say `` no . ''
Any person with paralysis today has access to drawing and communicate with only their eyes .
Thank you .
Thank you very much , that was awesome .
So at the end of the two weeks , we went to the <unk> room .
I love this picture because this is the room 's room , and that 's her room .
There were all this <unk> and <unk> during the big opening .
And after more than a year of planning , two weeks of programming , the intense night , Tony went back to draw for the first time in seven years .
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of your life , and it 's looking through the support system of his life .
We ran the bed so you could see .
And we put a projector on a wall on the outside of the hospital .
And he went back in front of his family and friends -- and you can imagine what the feeling was in the parking lot .
The funny thing was , we had to bust in the parking lot , so we feel like we were <unk> the graffiti as well .
At the end of this , he sent us an email , and this was what was saying to us , `` This was the first time I drew in seven years .
I felt like I had been under the water and someone finally came to me and get me out of there so I could breathe . ''
Is n't it wonderful ?
In a way that 's our cry .
That 's what keeps us in motion , developing .
And we have a long way to go through this .
It 's a great device , but it 's the equivalent of a <unk> .
Somebody with this artistic potential deserves a lot more .
So we 're trying to figure out how to improve it and do it faster and robust .
Since then we 've had all sorts of recognition .
We 've won many awards .
Remember , it 's free ; none of us are making money with this .
Everything comes out of our own pockets .
The prizes were like , `` Oh , this is fantastic . ''
Armstrong tweeted something about us , and then , in December , Time magazine recognized us as one of the top 50 inventions , and it was really cool .
The best thing about all of this -- and this is what 's finished to close the <unk> is that in April of this year in the University of LA , there 's going to be an exhibition called `` Art in <unk> . ''
And `` Art in <unk> '' is going to have the best <unk> of urban art , <unk> , <unk> <unk> , all of them are going to be there .
<unk> is going to be in the show , which is pretty impressive .
So , basically this is my idea : if you see something that 's not possible , do it possible .
None of the things in this room was possible -- the stage , the computer , the microphone , the <unk> was possible at a certain point .
Do it possible -- anything in this room .
I 'm not a programmer , I never did anything with eye recognition technology ; I just recognized something and I 'm going to tell me with wonderful people to make it happen .
And these are the questions that I want everybody to do every day when we find something that we feel like you need to do . If it 's not , when ? And if I 'm not , who ?
Thank you guys .
I 've spent the last few years that I 've been able to do very often very difficult and at the same time as dangerous .
I went to jail -- hard .
I worked in a coal mine -- dangerous .
It 's in war zones -- difficult and dangerous .
And I spent 30 days eating this -- a lot of fun in the middle , something difficult in the middle , very dangerous at the end .
In fact , in a lot of my career , I 've been <unk> in situations at horrible situations with the only goal of dealing with social issues of ways that are coming out , interesting , and hopefully analyzing them in a way that looked cool and accessible to the audience .
So when I knew I would come here to do a TEDTalk on the world of brands and the sponsorship I wanted to do something a little bit differently .
So some of you may have heard it , or not , a couple of weeks ago I took an expectation in <unk> .
And I sent some messages on Facebook , some on Twitter , I offered the rights for the name of my TEDTalk in 2011 .
What had been the following : `` <unk> her <unk> presents this : my TEDTalk that you have no idea what it comes to , and according to content I could get in the face , especially if I put it into ridiculous to you or your company .
But said , this is a very good media opportunity . ''
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks ?
A lot of it .
It 's a degree in progress , by the way .
So still with that guy , I knew somebody was going to buy the rights rights .
If you had asked me a year I would n't have been able to tell you about certainty .
But in the new film I 'm working on , we looked at the world of marketing , the advertising world .
And as I said earlier , I 've been involved in horrible situations in the last few years , but nothing could be able to do it , just for something that 's so difficult or as dangerous as they enter the halls with these guys .
You see , I had this idea for a movie .
Morgan <unk> : I want to make a film that I tried to try to make the product <unk> , the marketing and the advertising , and that all the film is supported by <unk> products and marketing and advertising .
The film is going to call `` The largest film ever that . ''
What happens in `` The largest movie ever sold '' is that everything up at the bottom , at beginning , has brand images , all the time , from the <unk> that comes before the title , the brand X .
Now this brand , <unk> Built , the <unk> Center .
These people would get into the film in plain forever .
And so the film explores all this idea . ( Michael <unk> : It 's redundant . '' It 's what ? ( MK : It 's redundant . ) Excuse me forever ?
I 'm a homeless person . ( MK : Just say it . '' It was more emphasis .
It was `` In plain forever . ''
But we 're not just going to have the brand of the X brand in the title , but we 're going to make sure that we were <unk> all the categories that we could in the film .
Maybe we sell a shoe , and it becomes the most cool shoe you 've used .
The most great car you 've driven on `` The largest film ever sold , '' the best drink you have , the best drink of `` The largest film ever sold . ''
<unk> <unk> : The idea is , in addition to showing the brands as part of life , making them like the film ? ( MS : Making the film . ) MS : And we actually show the whole process of how it works .
The goal of the film is transparency .
You 'll see the whole process in this movie .
That 's the whole idea , all the film , beginning to end .
And I would love to be able to help make it happen .
Robert Friedman : You know , it 's funny because it 's the first time I hear that ; it 's the most respect for the audience .
<unk> : However , I do n't know how responsive people is going to be .
<unk> : You 've got a perspective -- I do n't know if `` angle '' is very <unk> , but you know how it 's going to resonate ? ( MS : How much no idea ) David <unk> : How much money does it need to do this ?
MS : A million and a half . ( DC : All right . ) John Kamen : I think it 's going to be hard to meeting with them , but that 's certainly going to be worth the worth convincing a couple of big brands .
<unk> : Who knows , maybe for the moment that the film is going to look like a lot of joyful idiots .
MS : What do you think is going to be the answer ?
Stuart <unk> : Most of the answers will be `` no . ''
MS : But will it be hard to sell , for the film or to be me ?
JK : Both things .
MS : ... means you 're not very optimistic .
So , help me ? I need help .
MK : I can help .
MS : All right . ( MK : Okay . ( MK : Okay . ) Awesome .
MK : We need to think about what brands .
MS : Yeah . ( MK : Yeah . ) When you look at the people you have to treat .
MK : We have some places where to go . ( MS : Okay . ) Turn the camera .
MS : I thought , `` Turn off the camera , '' it meant we have a conversation outside a microphone .
<unk> the camera means `` We do n't want to know anything about your movie . ''
MS : And so , one by one , all of these companies suddenly disappeared .
None wanted to do with this film .
I was surprised .
They did n't want to know anything with this project .
And I was very impressed ; I thought that the concept of advertising was to give the product as many people as possible , to make so much people see it as possible .
Especially in the world today this intersection of new media and old media and the stage of the separate media , is n't the idea to have that new vehicle worth of attention that 's going to lead the message to the masses ?
No , that 's what I thought .
But the problem was , you see , my idea had a <unk> mistake , and that error was this one .
Actually , there was no mistake .
There was no mistake at all .
This would have been fine .
But the problem was what this image represents .
See , when you 're looking for images of <unk> , you appear -- this is one of the first images that appear .
I like your way , Sergey Brin . No .
This was the problem : free of simulation or deception -- easily detected or seen , and it 's easily detected , which is characterized by the visibility or access of information , especially in business practices -- being the last line perhaps the biggest line .
You see , we hear a lot about transparency in these days .
Our politicians named the president , the president , even the CEOs called it .
But all of a sudden when it comes to it really , it really changes .
But why ? Well , transparency is scary -- like that weird bear that 's still <unk> .
It 's unpredictable -- like this weird path .
And it 's also very risky .
What else is it risky ?
It 's an entire bowl of <unk> <unk> .
That 's very risky .
When I started talking to companies and to tell you that we wanted to tell this story , and they said , `` No , we want to tell you to say <unk> . ''
We want to tell a story , but they say <unk> . ' story . ''
See , when I was a kid and my father caught me in some lie -- and there he is staring at him as he used to say , `` Son , there are three sides in every story .
It 's your story , it 's my story , and it 's the real story . ''
As you see , in this film , we wanted to tell the real story .
But with only one company , an agency wanted to help me -- and that just because I knew John Bond and Richard <unk> in many years -- I realized I would have to go on my own , I would have to take a proxy and go to companies myself with all my team .
So what I started to see is a sudden -- and that I started to give me <unk> is that when you start talking to companies the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem .
MS : I have friends who make big films , huge , giant and others who make small films , independent films like mine .
And my friends who make big Hollywood movies , giant Hollywood , say the reason their films are so successful because of the brands that they have .
And then my friends who make independent films say , `` Well , how are we supposed to compete with these big , giant Hollywood movies ? ''
And the film is called `` The largest film ever sold . ''
How are we going to look specifically at our movie ?
Every time I 'm going to go out , every time I open my <unk> , you 'll see the deodorant .
At any time during an interview with someone , I can say , `` Are you good for this interview ?
Are you ready ? You see a little nervous .
I want to help you with you .
Maybe you should give you a little bit of this before the interview . ''
And there would offer one of these great great devices .
So both `` <unk> <unk> '' as `` <unk> from Paradise . ''
We 're going to have so much for man as a woman , solid , to <unk> , in bar , as it is .
That 's the general look .
Now I can answer your questions and give you a <unk> look .
Karen Frank : We 're a small brand .
Similar to the kind of smaller movies that you actually made ; we 're rather a rival brand .
So we do n't have the budget that they have other brands .
So doing things like this , you know , to remind people is the reason why we 're interested in .
MS : What words would you use to describe us ?
Data is in white .
KF : That 's a big question .
Woman : upper Technology .
MS : Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in the <unk> .
Man : We talked about something bold , cool .
I think `` cool '' is a great word that actually puts this category in positive versus combat combat and sweat .
It keeps you cool .
How do you keep you cool more time ? With better freshness , more freshness , three times more cool .
Things like those that highlights the benefits .
MS : And that 's a <unk> company .
What about me ? What about a common guy ?
I need to talk to the man on the street , to people like me , to the commons .
They have to tell me about my brand .
MS : How do you define your brand ?
Man : Mmm my brand ?
I do n't know .
I like good clothes .
Woman : revive the 1980s , <unk> punk unless it 's a laundry day .
MS : Okay , what is the <unk> brand ?
<unk> : One one . ( MS : Only . ) Man : I guess the kind of gender , the style I have would be like a dark <unk> .
I like a lot of dark colors , many gray gray and things like this .
Usually I take accessories like sunglasses , or I like the crystals and the same .
Woman : If you were a brand could be a classic <unk> , ' Mercedes Benz .
Man 2 : The brand I 'm , I would call `` casual <unk> . ''
Woman 2 : In a hippie part , partly <unk> , part of the Brooklyn , I do n't know .
Man 3 : I 'm the kind of pets .
<unk> toys for pets in the country and in the world .
So I guess that 's my brand .
In my little sector , that 's my brand .
Man 4 : My brand is FedEx because it makes commodities .
Man 5 : He <unk> failed .
Is that something ?
<unk> : I 'm a lawyer .
Tom : I 'm Tom .
MS : Well , we ca n't all be brand Tom , but I 'm often <unk> at the intersection of the dark black and <unk> .
I realized I needed an expert .
I needed someone who could enter my head , someone who could help me understand what they call `` brand personality . ''
And I found a company called insignificant <unk> in Pittsburgh .
They helped businesses like <unk> , <unk> , Hallmark to discover that personality personality .
If they were able to do it for them , they could n't do it for me .
<unk> : Did you take the pictures , right ?
MS : Yeah . The first picture is a family photo .
A little : Tell me a little bit about how it relates to your thoughts and feelings your way to be .
MS : These people shape my way to see the world .
A : Tell me about that world .
MS : That world ? I think your world is the world that you live in -- like the people around you , your friends , your family , the way you live your life , the work you do .
All those things come from , and they start in a place and in my case , and in West Virginia , West Virginia .
A : What is the next one you want to talk about ?
MS : The next one is , `` This was the best day of my life . ''
A : How does this relate to your thoughts , feelings and your way to be ?
MS : It 's like who I want to be me .
I like different things .
I like weird things . I like weird things .
A : Tell me about `` why '' -- what do you do ?
What 's the machete ? What 's a <unk> ?
Why is it important to reset ? What is the red ?
Tell me a little bit about that .
A little bit more of you , that 's not who you are .
What other <unk> have you had ?
It does n't have to be fear . What kind of rollercoaster are you ?
MS : <unk> ! ( A : Thank you . ) No , thank you .
A : Thank you for your patience . ( MS : Great work . ) A : Yeah . ( MS : Thank you . ) Very good .
MS : Yeah , I do n't know what 's going to get out of this .
There was a lot of madness in all of this .
<unk> <unk> : The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides , but complementary , in your brand personality , brand Morgan <unk> is a <unk> brand .
They were very good together .
And I think there 's almost a paradox in them .
And I think some companies only would get into one of their strong points or on the other instead of focusing on both .
A lot of companies tend to avoid -- and it 's nature to avoid the things that are not safe ; they avoid fear , those elements , and you actually give them to support and make them become positive for you , and it 's nice to see that .
What other brands are that ?
The first here is the classic , Apple .
And you can also see here in Target , he 's Wii , and they can see that in the Target , multiple <unk> and <unk> .
Now there are playful marks and conscious brands , those things that have gone and come from , but a <unk> is pretty powerful .
MS : A <unk> brand . What is your brand ?
If somebody asks you to get your brand identity , your brand personality , what would it be ?
Are you a bottom-up attribute ? Are you somebody who makes blood flow ?
Or are you more good for a downward attribute ?
A little colder , reserved , conservative ?
The bottom-up attributes are like being playful , like , being playful , contemporary , adventurous , <unk> or bold or audacious , profane , profane , profane , dominant , magic or mystic as <unk> .
Or are you more good about attribute ?
Are you conscious , sophisticated as <unk> ?
Are you established , traditional , protective , protective ? Can you tell you with Oprah ?
Are you trustworthy , you 're familiar , family , reliable , contemplative , contemplative or wise , like the Dalai Lama or <unk> ?
In the course of this film , we had more than 500 businesses , bottom-up and descending ones , which said , `` No , '' they did n't want to be part of this project .
They did n't want to have anything to do with this film , mostly because they would n't have control , they would have no control over the final product .
We allowed us to tell the story of the <unk> , and we got to tell the story in this movie of how they now use magnetic resonance to identify the centers of desire in the brain for a commercial marketing for film marketing .
We went to a Paulo where they 've banned advertising outdoors .
In the entire city for the last five years , there are no posters , there 's no <unk> , nothing .
And we went to school districts where companies are going to go in the way in schools with liquidity problems in the U.S .
The amazing thing for me is that the projects I 've had the biggest answer , or that I 've been more successful than I 've interacted with things directly .
And that 's what these brands did .
<unk> the ball , they took to their agencies , and they said maybe these agencies do n't have my best interest in mind .
I 'm going to try and artist directly .
I 'm going to work with him to create something different , something that 's going to make people think , which is going to challenge the way we look at the world .
And how did they go ? Did they succeed ?
Well , since the film was released in the Sundance Festival , let 's take a look .
According to the movie was released in January , and since then -- and this is not <unk> , we 've had 900 million impressions in the media for this film .
This is just a period of two weeks and a half .
That 's just online -- no press , no TV .
The movie is still not <unk> .
It 's still not online . It 's not in <unk> .
It 's not even presented in other countries yet .
Ultimately , this film has already begun to gain momentum .
And it 's not bad because most of the agencies that we 're talking about giving their clients is not part .
I 've always believed that if you risk , if you risk , that in those risks there are opportunities .
I think when you take people out of that , it 's pushing them to failure .
I think when you train their employees at risk loss , you 're preparing their entire company to lack reward .
I feel that what 's going to happen to happen to move forward is that we have to encourage people to take risk .
We have to encourage people who are not afraid of the opportunities that they can make .
Ultimately , I think to move forward , I think we need to make it place to fear .
We have to put that bear in a cage .
<unk> fear . <unk> the risk .
From to one <unk> at the same time , we need to embrace the risk .
And ultimately , we have to harbor transparency .
More than ever a little bit of honesty is going to go a long way .
And I said this , with honesty and transparency , all my talk `` <unk> the Transparency '' has been presented by my good friends of <unk> who for $ Girls bought the rights of the name in <unk> .
<unk> : Great data in great opportunities for companies around the world .
<unk> shows `` <unk> the Transparency . ''
Thank you very much people .
June Cohen : So , Morgan , in the name of transparency , that happened exactly with those dollars ?
MS : It 's an exceptional question .
In my pocket , I have a check for the name of the TED matrix of the TED Foundation , the Sapling Foundation , a <unk> for $ <unk> to be applied to my senior TED .
The idea behind the computer worm is actually very simple .
We do n't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb .
Their greatest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the <unk> <unk> plant .
The gray boxes that you see are real-time control systems .
If we can engage these systems that control speeds and valves , we can cause lots of problems with a centrifuge .
The gray boxes do n't use Windows software ; they 're a completely different technology .
But if we were able to put an effective piece of Windows on a portable computer using an engineer to set up this gray box , then we 're ready .
This is the plan behind him .
We started with an Windows <unk> .
<unk> enter the gray box , damages the centrifuge , and the nuclear nuclear program is <unk> ; mission accomplished .
It 's easy , eh ?
I want to tell you how we discovered this .
When we started investigating about Stuxnet six months ago , the purpose was completely unknown .
The only thing I knew is that it 's very , very complex at the Windows part : the <unk> wore multiple vulnerabilities .
It seemed to want to do something with these gray boxes , these <unk> systems .
And that called us the attention , and we started an experiment where we infect our environment with Stuxnet and we saw what was going on with this .
So , very strange things happened .
Stuxnet felt like a laboratory rat that did n't like our cheese : the wave , but I did n't want to eat .
I did n't make sense for me .
And then to experiment with different flavors of cheese , I realized , and I thought , this is a run run .
It 's completely run . ''
The <unk> is actively searching in the gray box if you find a specific configuration , and even if the program is trying to infect it is actually working on that place .
If not , Stuxnet did nothing .
So that called my attention , and we started working in this almost 24 hours a day , because I thought , `` We do n't know what the goal is . ''
It could be , let 's say , for example , a U.S. power plant , or a chemical plant in Germany .
They 'd better get the goal soon .
So we got pulled and <unk> the attack code , and we discovered that there was structured , digital bombs : a small and big one .
We also saw that they were very professionally armed by people that obviously had all the internal information .
They 're going to get all the points to attack .
You probably even know how much fits the operator .
So you know everything .
And if you 've heard that if you 've heard that Stuxnet 's complex is complex and high-tech , let me tell you , the load is very complex .
It 's very above all we 've seen before .
Here 's a sample of this attack code .
We 're talking about 15 thousand lines of code .
It looks pretty much the old language .
I want to tell you how we could find sense to this code .
What we were looking at was called the system functions , because we know what they do .
And then we were looking at <unk> and data structures and try and get them into the real world , with the potential goals of the world .
We need theories about recipients that we can pass or <unk> .
To get to theories about goals , we remember that it 's definitely a violent <unk> , and it must be a valuable white , and it 's probably located in Iran , because the majority of the infections has been <unk> .
They 're not found many thousands of targets in that area .
It basically boils down to the nuclear power plant of <unk> and the <unk> plant .
So I said to my assistant , `` Let me have a list of all the experts in <unk> and energy plants . ''
I called them and I went back in an effort by <unk> their experience with what we find in code and data .
And it worked pretty well .
So we were able to associate the little digital <unk> with the control of rotor .
The rotor is that mobile part inside the centrifuge , that black object you see .
If you run the speed of this rotor , it certainly can <unk> and even make the centrifuge explode .
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to slow it down and <unk> in an obvious effort to go back to the maintenance engineers , so they could n't solve this quickly .
We 're trying to figure out the big digital <unk> looking very close to the data and their structures .
So , for example , the number <unk> shows up in that code , you ca n't get rid of it .
I started to investigate scientific literature about how these <unk> are built in <unk> and found that they 're structured in what 's called a waterfall , and every waterfall contains <unk> <unk> .
That made sense , there was a coincidence .
And they got better even better .
These <unk> in Iran are divided into 15 parts called stages .
And guess what we find in the attack code ?
An almost identical structure .
So again , that was a good coincidence .
This gave us a lot of trust to understand what we had between hands .
So there 's no misunderstanding of poverty .
The results have been taken after several weeks of hard work .
It 's usually <unk> on dead ends , and we had to go back .
Yet , we found that both digital warheads were about one single and same goal , but from different angles .
<unk> is taking a waterfall , and making the rotors and <unk> , and the big <unk> communicates with six waterfalls and manipulating valves .
In sum , we 're very confident that we 've determined what the recipient is .
It 's <unk> , and it 's just <unk> .
We should n't worry about other goals to be <unk> by Stuxnet .
Here I show you some very interesting things that we saw , really shocked me .
There 's the gray box , and the top line is seen .
What this thing does is to intercept the values of the sensors for example , of pressure sensors and vibration sensors , which is still running during the attack , with false input data .
And believe it or not , these fake input data are <unk> by Stuxnet .
It 's like the Hollywood movies where , during theft , the security camera feeds on <unk> video .
Is that cool ?
The idea here is obviously not just <unk> at the operators of the control .
It 's really much more dangerous and aggressive .
The idea is to make a digital security system .
We need digital security systems where a human operator could n't act fast .
For example , in a energy plant , when the big steam turbine , you have to open escape valves in a millisecond .
Obviously , this can not be a human operator .
That 's where we need digital security systems .
And when they 're engaged , then they can pass bad things .
The plant can explode .
And you ca n't have the <unk> and the security system .
That scares me .
But it can be worse .
What I 'm going to say is very important .
Think about this . This attack is generic .
It has nothing to do , specifically , with <unk> , with <unk> uranium .
It could also work as well , for example , in a car plant , or an automotive factory .
It 's generic .
And you do n't have , as an attacker , which disseminate this burden on a USB key , as we saw at the case of Stuxnet .
You could also use conventional <unk> technology .
We 'll get as much as possible .
And if you made that , what you 're doing is with a <unk> of mass destruction .
That 's the consequence we need to face .
Unfortunately , the largest number of targets for such attacks is not in the Middle East .
It 's in the United States and Japan .
All the green areas are spaces with large numbers of goals .
We need to deal with the consequences , and better that we start to prepare now .
Thank you .
Chris Anderson : I have a question .
Ralph , it 's done public in many sides that people assume that the <unk> is the main entity behind this .
What 's your opinion ?
Ralph <unk> : Okay , really want to hear this ?
Okay . Okay .
My view is that the <unk> is involved , but the engine is not Israel .
The engine behind this is cyber superpower .
There is one , and that 's the United States , fortunately , fortunately .
Because otherwise , our problems would be even bigger .
CA : Thank you for <unk> . Thank you , Ralph .
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take , and I give the skills that I can take , and I give you a little bit of it that makes users of chairs to the track and go back to walk .
In `` <unk> <unk> , '' we call these robots , exoskeletons .
They 're not different than something that you put in the morning , it gives you a big force , which also increases its speed , and help him , for example , manage the balance .
It 's actually the real integration of man and the machine .
But not only that -- it can integrate it and connect it with the universe and with other foreign beings .
This is not an unreal idea .
So to show you what we 're working on , we started talking about the American soldier who , on average , has to take on their back a load of 45 pounds , and it 's pushing him to get even more equipment .
Obviously , this leads to some important complications -- injuries in the back , 30 percent of the soldiers -- with chronic damage .
We decided to look at this challenge and create a exoskeleton that could help manage the issue .
Let me introduce you to <unk> .
Soldier : With the exoskeleton <unk> , I can carry 90 kilos for variable land for many hours .
Their flexible design , it allows you to get to crawling and execute the movements with great agility .
I want to do what I want to do , or where I want to go , and then raise my strength and my resistance .
<unk> <unk> : We 're ready , with our industrial partner , to produce this device , this new exoskeleton , this year .
I mean , it 's a reality .
Let 's go back to the users of chairs in the wheelchair , which I feel particularly passionate about .
There are 68 million people , approximately , in chairs , across the world .
Like one percent of the total population .
And this is a really conservative calculation .
We talked about something that happens often , very young people , with damage to the spinal cord that when you start their life -- to the 20 , 30 or 40 years -- collide against a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only choice .
We also talk about the population that 's older quickly .
Her only option , many times -- for a brain injury or some other complication -- is the wheelchair .
And this has been like this for the last 500 years , from its successful emergence , as I should recognize .
So we decided to start by writing a new chapter of mobility .
Let me introduce you to the <unk> who 's using Amanda who 's doing 19 years ago had a lesion in the spinal column , and as a result , he could n't walk back for 19 years , so far .
Amanda <unk> : Thank you .
EB : Amanda is using our <unk> , I mentioned .
It has a few sensors .
It was completely <unk> on the crutches to send signals to the board on board , here on the back .
There are also some batteries that give power to the motors in the hip , and on the knees , and they 're doing it to go up with this soft and very natural , very natural gait .
AB : I was 24 years old at the top of my life when , by a stranger jump in the air , skiing up hard , was paralyzed .
In a fraction of the second , I lost every feeling and all the motion of the pelvis down .
Shortly after , a doctor walked into my hospital in the hospital , and he said , `` Amanda , you 'll never walk to walk . ''
That happened 19 years ago .
So I stole the last little bit of hope for me to be .
<unk> technology since then , I 've allowed me to learn how to <unk> it costs down in <unk> , climbing rocks and even riding on a bicycle .
But they have n't invented anything that allowed me to walk , so far .
Thank you .
EB : As you can see , we have the technology , we have the platforms for sitting around and talk to you .
It 's in our hands , and we have all the potential here to change life to future generations -- not only about soldiers , but Amanda , and all of the users of chairs in the wheelchair , everyone .
AB : Thank you .
I just returned from a community that has the secret to human survival .
It 's a place where women have the baton and practice sex to say hello , and the game is the order of the day -- where fun is serious .
And not , it 's not the <unk> <unk> festival or San Francisco .
Ladies and gentlemen , meet your cousins .
This is the world of the wild bonobos in the rainforests of Congo .
The bonobos are , along with the chimpanzees , their closest living relatives .
That means that we all share a common ancestor , an evolutionary grandmother , who lived about six million years ago .
Now the chimpanzees are known for their assault .
But unfortunately , we 've made too much emphasis on this aspect of human evolution narratives .
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin .
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by large , frightening , the Bonobo society is in charge of power .
These guys have created something special , because this leads to a very tolerant society where death violence has n't been observed .
But unfortunately , the bonobos are the least <unk> of the great apes .
They live in the depths of the <unk> forest , and it 's been very difficult to study them .
Congo is a paradox -- an extraordinary land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty , but also the heart of the violent conflict that 's been paid for decades and caused almost as many deaths as the First World War .
No wonder that this destruction will also put in danger of the Bonobo 's survival .
The hunting meat trade and deforestation make you ca n't fill in a stadium with the bonobos who stay in the world -- honestly , we 're not sure about it .
However , in this land of violence and chaos , you can hear the unseen laughter of the trees .
Who are these cousins ?
We know them as the apes , `` do love , not war , '' because they have frequent sex , <unk> and bisexual to manage conflict and solve social problems .
I 'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity because the Bonobo 's life is more than the <unk> <unk> .
By the bonobos , like humans , they love to play throughout their lifetime .
Play is not just a game of children .
For us , and for them , the game is fundamental to build bonds and encourage tolerance .
With him we learn to trust , and we learn the rules of play .
Play increases creativity and resilience and has to do with the generation of diversity -- diversity of interactions , diversity of behaviors , diversity of connections .
And when you look at the Bonobo 's game , you see the same evolutionary roots of laughter , dance and human ritual .
Play is the glue that unites us .
I do n't know how you play , but I want to show you a couple of unique videos just taken out of the wild .
First , it 's a Bonobo style , and I do n't talk about football .
Here we have a female and a young male in the middle of a chase .
Look what she 's doing .
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase : `` It has a <unk> . ''
I just believe that in this case he loves it , right ?
Yes .
So sexual game is common as both in bonobos .
And this video really is interesting , because it shows -- this video is really interesting , because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements to play -- like <unk> and also how play requires trust and promotes trust -- and at the same time it 's the most fun .
But play is <unk> .
The game is <unk> , it can take lots of ways , some of which are more <unk> , imaginative , curious -- maybe the place where the wonder would be .
And I want you to see -- this is <unk> , a young female , who 's playing with a decent water .
I think , as she , sometimes we play alone , and we explore the limits of our inner worlds .
And it 's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore , to interact , and then the unexpected connections that we form are the real <unk> of creativity .
These are just little samples of the understanding that the Bonobo gives us from our past and present .
But they also have a secret for our future , a future where we need to adapt to a more difficult world with greater creativity and greater cooperation .
The secret is the key to these capabilities .
In other words , the game is our <unk> of adaptation .
In order to adapt to a world that changes we have to play .
But do we want to get rid of our game capacity ?
The game is not frivolous .
The game is essential .
For bonobos and humans alike , life is not just cruel and ruthless .
When it looks at the least appropriate to play , it can be the moments that it 's the most urgent .
And so , fellow primates , let 's accept this gift of evolution and play together while they promote creativity , friendship and wonder .
Thank you .
In New York , I 'm responsible for a nonprofit organization called Robin Hood .
When I 'm not fighting poverty , <unk> fires as a captain of a captain on a volunteer body .
And in our city , where volunteers are striving for a highly skilled staff , you have to get to the fire site very soon to enter action .
I remember my first fire .
I was the second volunteer on the site , so I had a pretty high chance of going .
But there was still a race in foot against the other volunteers to get to the captain in charge and figure out what our homework was .
When I found the captain , he was <unk> in a conversation with the owner that was certainly going through one of the worst days of his life .
We were at a very late night , she was standing outside in the rain , under an umbrella , in your pajamas , in front of his house while his house was on flames .
The other volunteer that I 'd just got before I was before I was , <unk> <unk> <unk> came first to the captain , and he asked him to go into and save the dog 's owner .
The dog ! I was <unk> jealous .
There was a lawyer or <unk> of money that , during the rest of his life , I would have to tell the people who walked into a burning building to save a live live , because I won for five seconds .
Well , I was the next .
The captain made me a <unk> .
He said , `` Bezos , I need to go home .
I need to go up , <unk> the fire , and I 'll bring this woman a pair of shoes . ''
I swear .
It was n't exactly what I expected , but I went -- I got the stairs , at the end of the hallway , went to the <unk> department , ' that at that height , they 'd finished off the fire , and I went into the fourth part of a pair of shoes .
I know what you 're thinking , but I 'm not a hero .
I took my load back to the staircase where I met my <unk> and the beautiful dog on the front door .
We got out of the house , the treasures for the house owner , where , as he was waiting for , his treasure received much more attention than mine .
A few weeks later , the department received a letter from the house owner <unk> by the brave <unk> effort to save his house .
The kindness that she observed for about what else was that someone had ever reached a pair of shoes .
Both in my calling on Robin Hood , like in my calling as voluntary fireman , I 'm a witness of generosity and kindness in a monumental scale , but also of grace of grace and courage .
And you know what I learned ?
It all has its importance .
So when I look at this room to people who have achieved , or they 're going to be able to achieve remarkable levels of success , I 'd like to remind you this : do n't wait .
Do n't wait to win the first million to make a difference in someone 's lives .
If you have something to give , you know , <unk> now .
We had food in a dining room , <unk> a neighborhood park .
They are mentors .
Not every day , we 're going to have the opportunity to save someone 's lives , but every day we will be able to influence someone 's lives .
So you trained the game ; they 'll get the shoes .
Thank you .
Bruno Giussani : Mark , Mark , comes back .
Mark Bezos : Thank you .
This may seem strange , but I 'm a big fan of the concrete block .
The first concrete blocks are built in 1868 with a very simple idea : modules , concrete modules that fit together .
Very quickly , these became the most used building unit in the world .
They have allowed us to build bigger things than us , like buildings or bridges , a brick at the same time .
Essentially , these blocks have become the pillars of our time .
Almost a hundred years later , in 1947 , he came up with this .
He was called automatic assembly brick .
And in a few years , the brick bricks came to all homes .
It 's estimated that they 've made over 400 billion or 75 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet .
You do n't have to be an engineer to build beautiful bridges , buildings or homes .
Being made it accessible .
Being simply adopted the concrete block , the favorite in the world , and it became a fundamental piece of our imagination .
Meanwhile , exactly that year , in Bell labs , the next revolution was about to <unk> : the new building block .
The transistor was a very small unit of plastic that would take us from a world of aesthetic bricks , piled on one of the other to a world where everything was interactive .
Just like the concrete block , the transistor allows to create much bigger and more complex circuits , a brick at the same time .
But there 's a main difference : the transistor was just for experts .
I personally do n't accept it , that the building blocks of our time are reserved for experts , so I decided to change it .
Eight years ago , when I was at the Media Lab , I started to explore the idea of bringing the power of engineers to the hands of artists and designers .
A few years ago , I started to develop <unk> .
I 'm going to show you how they work .
<unk> are electronics each with specific function .
They 're <unk> to be light , sound , motors and sensors .
And the best thing about it is they link together together .
So you ca n't put it wrong .
The bricks have a color code .
The green is the output , the blue is the current , pink is the input and the orange color is the wire .
So you just have to assemble a blue one with a green one , and very quickly , you can start to make bigger circuits .
It 's one blue with a green one .
We can put a button in the middle , and so we have an regulator .
If we change the button by a pulse module , which is here , and now we have a light light .
We 're going to get this doorbell to create more impact , and we have a noise machine .
I 'm going to stop this .
So beyond simple play , <unk> are actually very powerful .
Instead of having to program , connect and screw , <unk> allows us to program using very simple intuitive gestures .
To make you blink faster or slower , you just tour this button that makes your heart faster or slower .
The idea behind <unk> is that it 's a growing collection .
We want all the interactions in the world <unk> bricks to use .
<unk> , sound , solar panels , motors , everything must be accessible .
We 've given to the kids to see them playing with them .
And it 's been an amazing experience .
The best thing is how they start to understand the electronics of every day that you do n't learn in schools .
For example , how it works at night , or why the elevator door is held open , or how an iPod responds to touch .
We have also led to design schools .
So , for example , designers without an electronics start to play with <unk> as a material .
Here you can see , with a little paper bottles and felt , we have <unk> .
Now a few weeks ago a few weeks ago , we took <unk> designers from Rhode Island School , who do n't have any experience in engineering , just in cardboard and paper and said , Do something .
Here 's an example of a project that you 've done , a low-cost <unk> canyon .
But wait , here 's my favorite project .
It 's a lobster made of Play-Doh that is afraid of darkness .
For these no engineers , <unk> became another material , electronics became another material .
And we want this material to all of us .
So , let 's get open source .
You can visit the website , you can download all the design files and make them together .
We want to encourage a world of creators , inventors and collaborators , because this world we live in , this interactive world , is ours .
So go ahead and invent .
Thank you .
Today I 'm going to talk to you about unexpected discoveries .
I work in the solar technology industry .
And my little company is seeking to engage in the environment .
It 's distributed collaboration .
This is a little video of what we do .
Hmm . Wait a moment .
You can take a little bit on board .
We can -- we can continue better we leave the video on one side .
No .
This is not ...
All right .
The technology is ...
Oh , I 'm already talking about time ?
All right . Thank you very much .
A couple of years ago , I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and technicians to take a year and work in an environment that represent almost everything you 're supposed to hate ; we asked them to work in the government .
The initiative was called <unk> for America , and they would be like some <unk> Peace Prize .
We 're going to have a few members of the year and we put them working with the municipalities .
Instead of sending them to the Third World , we send them into the wild world .
They made big applications ; they worked with municipal employees .
Their task is to show the possibilities of current technology .
You meet .
This is a fire hydrant in Boston .
Here it appears as if I would find a quote , but what you 're really looking for is that someone would clean up when you 're caught up by the snow because they know that it 's not very good by turning fires when it 's covered by a meter of snow .
How did he come to ask for help in this particular way ?
Last year in Boston we had a team of <unk> for America .
They were there in February , and at that moment it 's a lot of the last year .
They realized that the city will never wiped out these fire hydrants .
But one of the members called Erik <unk> noticed something else : that citizens were <unk> with shovels in front of them .
So he did like any good programmer , I developed an app .
It 's a nice application where you can take a fire hydrant .
You keep up to clean up when you go .
By doing so , you put a name in this case , in this case he put him in this case .
If you do n't do it , somebody can be <unk> .
So it has a playful component .
It 's a modest app .
Maybe it 's the smallest of the 21 applications programmed last year .
But something other technology is achieved .
And it spreads in viral shape .
One responsible for the City of the City of Honolulu to see this application realized that he could use it , not for the snow , but for the citizens to have <unk> .
It 's very important to work these <unk> of tsunami , but people are steals the batteries .
So it tells the citizens to control them .
And then Seattle decided to use it to make the citizens <unk> blindfolded .
And Chicago just got out to make people go and go go to clean sidewalks when they 're <unk> .
So now we know about nine cities that plan to use it .
And this has been spread by no friction , organically and natural .
If you know a bit of government technology , you know that this does n't normally happen .
The acquisition of software usually takes a couple of years .
Last year in Boston , we had a team working on a project that took three people for two and a half months .
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children .
And then they told us that I had done by normal channels would have taken at least two and next two million dollars .
And that 's nothing .
Now there 's a project in the court of California that to the moment has two billion dollars and does n't work .
And there 's projects like this in every level of government .
So an app that 's show up in a couple of days and it spreads viral is a little warning shot to the institution of government .
It suggests the best ways to work , not as in private companies , as a lot of people think it should be .
Not as a technological company , but rather like the Internet itself .
That is , no restrictions , in form open and generative .
And that 's important .
But the most important thing about this app is that it represents the way of dealing with the question of government that has the new generation -- not as a problem of an undifferentiated institution , but as a collective action problem .
And that 's really good because it turns out we 're very good for collective action with digital technology .
And there 's a very large community of people who are building the tools to work together with efficacy .
And not only is it for America , but there are hundreds of people around the country who contribute to civic applications every day in their own communities .
They have n't given up with the government .
They feel a lot of frustration before that , but they do n't complain about it .
And these people know something that we 've lost from sight .
And it 's that if we leave the feelings on politics , the line in the <unk> , the <unk> of the politics , and all those other things that get us crazy , the government is essentially in the words of Tim <unk> , `` What we do together because we ca n't . ''
Now , a lot of people have abandoned government .
If you 're one of those people , I would ask you to get it out , because things are changing .
Politics does n't change ; the government does .
And because the government ultimately made out of us -- remember that from `` We , the people , '' the way to think about it to affect how to make change .
I did n't know a lot of government when I started with this .
And as a lot of people thought that the government was to choose people to take charges .
Well , after two years I 've come to the conclusion that the government is , especially , about <unk> .
This is the medical care center and information .
It 's the place that serves the calls if you mark goodbye in the U.S .
Scott <unk> this call .
He entered `` <unk> . ''
I did n't find anything . It started with animal control .
And finally he said , `` Hey , you can open the doors of the house , put the music hard and see if you go ? ''
And it worked . So , Scott .
But that was n't the end of the <unk> .
Boston has no calls center .
It has an app , web and mobile , called <unk> <unk> .
You do n't have that app .
It was the work of very smart people in the Office of the Office of New York Lab in Boston .
One day , this really happened , it comes up with this order : `` <unk> in my bucket of crap . I do n't know if it 's dead .
How do I do to leave you ? ''
The <unk> of <unk> <unk> is different .
Scott was talking about person .
In <unk> <unk> , everything is public , so you can all see this .
In this case , he saw a neighbor .
The next report said , `` I went up to the place , I found the cube behind the house .
<unk> ? Yeah . lived ? Yes .
I went back the cube . I went home .
Good evening , sweet <unk> . ''
Pretty simple .
This is great . It 's the confluence of the digital and the physical .
And it 's also a great example of the government income to distributed voluntary collaboration .
But it 's also a great example of government as a platform .
And I do n't necessarily mean the definition of technological platform .
I 'm talking about a platform for people to get together and help others .
So a citizen helped another one , but here the government had a key role .
It connected to two people .
And it could be connected to government services , but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services .
When a neighbor helps each other , they 're going to fight the communities .
If we call animals control , that costs a lot of money .
One important thing that we need to think about government is that it 's not the same as politics .
A lot of people understand it , but they think you 're the entrance to the other .
That our entry into the government system is the vote .
How many times have you chosen a political leader ? Sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader , and then we hope that the government reflects our values and really <unk> our needs , but then we do n't see changes .
That 's because the government is like immense ocean and politics is the superficial layer of 15 inches .
Underneath it is what we call bureaucracy .
And we say that word with a lot of contempt .
But it 's that contempt what it belongs to us that it belongs to us that we 've funded as something that is operating on our against , that other thing , and as a result we 're losing power .
People believe that politics is sensual .
If we want this institution to work , we will have to make the bureaucracy it sexy .
Because it 's where the real government work happens .
We need to collaborate with government machinery .
That makes the <unk> movement .
Have you seen them ?
It 's a group of citizens who have written a very detailed <unk> report on response pages in response to the National reform project .
That is not political activism , it 's bureaucratic activism .
And for those of us who have been <unk> in the government , it 's time for us to ask ourselves what world we want to leave our children .
You have to see the huge challenges that they will have to face .
Do you really believe that we have to go where we need to go without solving the institution that can act on behalf of everybody ?
We ca n't afford government , we need to be more effective .
The good news is that with technology , it 's possible to figure out the function of government , so that can expand the civil society .
There 's a generation that grew up with the Internet and knows that it 's not so hard to act , you only have to articulate the systems in the right way .
The average age of our members is 28 years , so I , reluctantly , I 'm a greater generation than many of them .
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted .
They 're not giving that battle that we all face about who 's going to talk about ; they 're all going to talk .
You can express your views at all at the same time and they do it .
So when the government is facing the government , the government does n't really care about to hear their voices .
They 're using your hands .
They put the work to program applications that make the government better .
And those applications allow us to use our hands to improve our communities .
It can be cleaning a fire hydrant , taking off weeds and dumping a bucket of garbage that has a <unk> inside .
Since then , we were always able to hold those fire hydrants and a lot of people do it .
But these applications are like a digital reminder that we 're not only consumers , we 're not only consumers of government that we pay taxes and get services .
We are more than that : we are citizens .
And we 're not going to fix the government until they do n't define citizenship .
So I want to ask everybody here , when it comes to the important things that we have to do together , all together , will be a crowd of voices , or also we 'll be a crowd of hands ?
Thank you .
This is for me a real honor .
I 've spent most of the time in jails and prisons and the death row .
I 've spent most of my life in <unk> communities , in projects and places where there 's a lot of despair .
And I 'll be here at TED watching , and hearing this stimulus has given me a lot of energy .
One of the things I 've noticed in this short time is that TED has identity .
And the things that are told here have impact around the world .
Sometimes , if something comes from TED , it makes sense and a force that would n't have otherwise .
I mean this is because I think identity is important .
Here we 've seen fantastic presentations .
And I think we 've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense , but if you teach with feeling , you can have special meaning .
A doctor can do good things , if you 're <unk> , you can get much more .
So I want to talk about the power of identity .
I did n't actually learn this in the practice of the right , my job .
I learned from my grandmother .
I grew up in a traditional African-American family , dominated by a matriarch that was my grandmother .
It was hard , it was strong , he had power .
It was the last word in all discussion in the family .
She passed a lot of the <unk> in our home .
It was a daughter of people who had been slaves .
Her parents were born in the slavery in Virginia , and Virginia .
She was born over the 1880s and his experience with slavery shaped the way the world looked like .
She was hard , but she was also loving .
When I was a little girl and I looked at it , she was approaching me and I was giving a good hug .
I was so hard that I could barely breathe , and then I dropped out .
One or two hours later , I would come back to look at it , and she was approaching me , and she said , `` Do you still feel my hug ? ''
And if he said no , I 'll hold me back and she said yes , I left in peace .
I had this human quality that I would always want to be close to it .
The only problem is that I had 10 children .
My mother was the least 10 .
Sometimes , when I was going to spend a time with her , it was n't easy to capture their time and her attention .
My cousins were running around .
I remember when I was eight years old , I woke up one morning , I went to the room , and there were all my cousins .
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me .
At first , I thought it was a game .
Then he looked at her and he smiles , but she was very serious .
After 15 minutes , she got up , and I went through the room , and he took me my hand , and she said , `` You see <unk> . The two are going to talk .
I remember this as if it was yesterday .
I will never forget .
It took me out and said , `` Let me tell you something , but you ca n't tell anyone . ''
I said , `` Okay , please . ''
She said , `` Now let 's tell you not . '' I said , `` Sure . ''
And then I sat down , and he looked at me and said , `` I want you to know that I 've been looking at you . ''
And he added , `` I think you 're special . ''
He said , `` I think you can do whatever you want . ''
I will never forget .
Then he said to me , `` I just want you to get three things to me , you know . ''
I said , `` Sure , Mama . ''
And he said , `` The first thing I want me to do is you 'll always want your mother . ''
<unk> : `` She 's my <unk> , and you 've got to <unk> that <unk> . ''
As I loved my mom , I said , `` Yeah , please , I 'll do it . ''
Then he said , `` The second thing I want to do is that you 're always going to do the right thing , even though the right thing is how hard . ''
I thought and I said , `` Yeah , please . I 'll do it . ''
Then , finally , he said , `` The third thing I want me to do is that I 'm never <unk> alcohol . ''
I was nine years old , and I said , `` Yeah , please , I 'll do it . ''
I grew up in the field , in rural America . I have a brother a year older and a little sister a year .
When I was 14 15 , one day my brother came home with a package of six beers , I do n't know where he got her , he grabbed my sister and I was left for the forest .
We just got the crazy words forever .
He took a sip of beer , offered my sister , she took a little and offered me to me .
I said , `` No , no , no . Okay . You know , I 'm not going to take beer . ''
My brother said , `` Come on . Today it 's <unk> . And you 're always doing the same thing as we .
I already took something , your sister too . Take a beer . ''
I said , `` No . I did n't feel good . You can follow . ''
Then my brother looked at me .
And he said , `` What happens ? Take a beer . ''
And I went back to the force , and I went on , `` Oh , I 'm not going to be thinking about the conversation with Mama . ''
I said , `` But what are you talking about ? ''
He said , `` Mama told all the grandchildren that are special . ''
I got rid of it .
I have to admit something to you .
I 'll tell you something that I should n't say .
I know this will spread widely .
But I 'm 52 years old , and I can admit that I 've never taken a drop of alcohol .
I do n't say this thinking that it 's an virtue ; I say it by the power that identity has .
When we create the right kind of identity , we say things to others that really do n't make sense .
We ca n't get them to do things that do n't think we can do .
I think my grandmother would naturally believed that all their grandchildren were special .
My grandfather had been in prison during the ban .
My uncles died of <unk> disease .
And these were the things that , according to it , we had to engage .
Now , try to talk about our criminal justice system .
This country is very different today than it was 40 years ago .
In 1972 , there were 300,000 prisoners .
There are 2.3 million today .
In America we have the largest incarceration rate of the world .
We have seven million people in parole .
And this massive incarceration , in my opinion , has changed our world .
In poor communities or black communities , it 's so much <unk> , so much despair , a particular basis for these facts .
One of three black men in the age of 18 is in jail or in probation .
In urban <unk> across the country , Los Angeles , Philadelphia , Baltimore , Baltimore , in 50 to 60 percent of all color young people are in jail or in probation .
Our system is not just distorted in front of race , it 's also about poverty .
In this country , we have a judicial system that makes you much better if you 're rich and guilty , that if you 're poor and innocent .
It 's not guilt , it 's wealth .
And it seems like we feel very quiet .
The politics of fear and anger makes us believe that these are not problems with us .
We are disconnected .
It 's interesting to me .
We 're looking at our work some very curious developments .
In my state , in Alabama , as well as in other states , you 're going to blame you for always if you have a criminal sentence .
Right now in Alabama , 34 percent of the black male population has definitely lost the right to vote .
And if we projected it to the next 10 years , the level of loss of rights will be as high as it was before he passed the law of law to vote .
We have this amazing silence .
I represent kids .
Many of my customers are very young .
America is the only country in the world where it 's been sentence for 13 years to die in prison .
We have in this country jail for children , no possibility of getting out .
We are now in a process of some litigation .
The only country in the world .
I represent people in the death row .
This issue of death row is interesting .
In a certain sense , you 've got to think that the final question is , people deserve to die by the <unk> <unk> ?
A very sensitive question .
But you can think another way about how we are in our identity .
There 's another way of looking at it : it 's not about deciding whether people deserve to die for their crimes , but if we deserve to kill .
This is interesting .
The death penalty in America is defined by error .
In every nine , nine people are identified , one which is innocent that it is <unk> and liberated from death row .
A mistake of error , amazing , an innocent of nine .
This is interesting .
In aviation , they would never allow to fly airplanes , if in every nine that would take off , you would have got to fly .
But somehow we isolate the problem .
It 's not our problem .
It 's not our burden .
It 's not our struggle .
I 'm a lot about these things .
I 'm talking about race and this issue of whether we deserve to kill .
It 's interesting that in my classes with students about African-American history , I 'm talking about slavery .
I 'm talking about terrorism , the time it started at the end of the rebuilding , and that lasted to World War II .
Really , we do n't know a lot about this .
But for black Americans in this country , it was a very defined time by terror .
In many communities , people were afraid to be <unk> .
They were bombarded .
The threat of terror was what defined their lives .
Now there are some older people who come to me and say , `` Mr. Stevenson , you teach talks , talk to people who stop saying that in our history we cope with terrorism , after the <unk> . ''
They ask me to say , `` No . Tell us that we grew up with that . ''
The age of terrorism went on , obviously , with the segregation and decades of this racial and decades of separation .
In this country we have a dynamic that we do n't like to talk about our problems .
We do n't like to talk about our story .
And that 's why we have n't understood what we 've historically done .
All the time we collide with each other .
We 're constantly creating tensions and conflict .
It costs us to talk about races . I think it 's because we 're not willing to engage with a truth and reconciliation process .
In South Africa , people understood that they could n't overcome segregation without a commitment to truth and reconciliation .
In Rwanda , even before the genocide had this commitment , but in this country we have n't done it .
I was in Germany giving conferences on death row .
It was fascinating , because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said , `` You know it 's good disturbing to hear what you say . ''
<unk> : `` We do n't have death row in Germany .
We will never be able to get it here . ''
The room was silent and a lady said , `` There is no way with our story , we can never get into the systematic death of human beings .
It would be irrational than us , intentional and deliberately , we put to execute people . ''
Let 's go on this .
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany , execute people , especially if they were in their most Jews ?
We could n't tolerate it .
It would be irrational .
And yet , there 's this disconnect .
I think our identity is in danger .
If you actually do n't care about these issues so hard , the positive and wonderful things are , though , involved .
We love innovation .
We 're fascinated by technology .
We love entertainment .
But lately , those realities are <unk> by suffering , abuse , degradation , <unk> .
In my view , you need to integrate both of these things .
lately we talked about the need for more hope , more engagement , more dedication to the basic challenges of the life of this complex world .
I think that means spending more time thinking and talking about the poor , the <unk> , the ones that never come to TED .
Think of them is , in a way , something that is inside of us .
It 's true that we have to believe in issues we have n't seen .
So we are . Even though it 's so rational , so committed to the intellectual .
It 's about innovation , with creativity , not just about brain ideas .
These things come from humanitarian ideas also by the convictions of the heart .
This connection of mind with the heart is what drives us not just how bright and dazzling , but also in dark and hard .
We did <unk> , the great priority leader , talking about this .
He said , `` When we were in Eastern Europe suffering , we wanted all sorts of things , but mostly what we needed was hope , guidance for the spirit , a will for being in despair in despair and being witnesses . ''
Well , that kind of orientation for the spirit is pretty much in the heart of what I think , even in communities like TED , should engage in .
There 's no disconnect related to technology and design , that allowed us to be truly human if we do n't pay attention to poverty , to exclusion , to inequality , to injustice .
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we 're ignoring these things .
We go back to find them .
I had the great privilege , being a very young lawyer , to meet Rosa Parks .
These women were together just to speak .
Occasionally , the <unk> lady called me , to say , `` <unk> , the lady comes up . We 're going to meet to speak .
Do you want to come and listen ? ''
I said , `` Yes ma'am . Yeah . ''
So she said , `` Well , what are you going to do when you come ? ''
I answer him , `` <unk> . ''
So I was going and I 'd listen to them .
It was very <unk> , very <unk> .
And one occasion was there , listening to these ladies , and after a couple of hours , Ms. Parks went to me and said , `` Now , <unk> , me , is that idea of equal equal .
Tell me what you 're trying to do . ''
And I started to give it my speech .
I said , `` Well , we 're trying to question injustice .
We try to help those who have been convicted unfairly .
We try to confront the prejudice and discrimination in the criminal justice administration .
We try to end up with life sentences , without parole for children .
We try to do something about death row .
We try to reduce the population in prisons .
We try to end up with massive <unk> . ''
I gave her all my best speech , and I ended up looking at me and said , `` Hmm hmm hmm . ''
And he added , `` <unk> exhausted , very exhausted . ''
At that moment , Ms. <unk> leaned , he put my finger in the face and said , `` That 's why you have to be very , very brave . ''
I think , actually , the TED community has to be much more <unk> .
We need to find a way to address those challenges , those problems , that suffering .
Because finally , humanity depends on compassion for others .
I 've learned some very simple things in my work .
I 've been educated in simple things .
I 've come to understand and believe that each one of us is higher to the worst that we 've ever made .
I think that 's true for everybody on the planet .
I 'm convinced that if somebody says a lie , it 's not because it 's a liar .
I 'm sure if somebody takes something that does n't belong , it 's not a burglar .
Even if someone kills another , it 's not a killer .
So I think there 's a basic dignity in people who should be respected by the law .
I also think that in many parts of this country and , certainly , in many parts of the world , the opposite of poverty is not wealth .
That 's not .
I really think that in many parts of poverty is justice .
And finally , I think that even though it 's very dramatic , very beautiful , very <unk> , very stimulating , we wo n't judge us by our technology , by our designs , or our intellectual or rational capacity .
In the end , they judge the character of a society , not because of the way rich and powerful , powerful and privileged , but by the way they treat the poor , the people , the prisoners .
Because it 's in this context as we started to understand really profound issues about what we are .
Sometimes I feel broken . I 'll end with a story .
Sometimes I do too much force .
<unk> tired , like everyone .
Sometimes those ideas go beyond me in a major way .
I 've been representing these guys who have been convicted of <unk> .
I 'm going to prison , and I see my clients of 13 and 14 years old , which have been <unk> for them as adults .
And I start thinking , how can it be ?
How can a judge turn someone into what is n't ?
The judge as an adult , but I see a child .
A very late night I was awake thinking -- God , if the judge can become something you 're not , should have magical powers .
Yes , <unk> , the judge has magical powers .
You should be asking for some of that .
As it was too late , I could n't think correctly , but I started working on a <unk> .
He had a 14-year-old client , a small , black man .
I started working on the <unk> , with a <unk> saying , `` <unk> for my <unk> black customer , it 's treated as a poor , 75 years old , executive from a corporation . ''
In the <unk> , I 've been able to have existed in the accusation , in the behavior of the police and in the process .
There was a bold line about how in this country there is no ethics , but a lack of ethics .
Next morning , I woke up thinking that <unk> <unk> would be a dream , or I was actually writing ?
For my horror , I had n't just <unk> it , but he had sent it to court .
It took about two months , I had forgotten it .
And I finally decided -- Oh my God , I have to go to court for this stupid case .
I got into the car and I was really overwhelmed , overwhelmed .
I went into the court to court .
I thought this would be very difficult and pitiful .
Finally , I went down the car . She walked to court .
I was going up the stairs when I came up with a older black man ; it was the curator of court .
When he saw me , he came up to me and said , `` Who is you ? ''
I said , `` I 'm a lawyer . '' He replied , `` Are you a lawyer ? '' I said yes .
So I walked up and hugged me .
And I whispered into the ear .
He said , `` I 'm proud of you . ''
I have to tell you now that that was <unk> .
That was deeply connected to my inside , with my identity that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope .
Well , I went into the audiences .
When I arrived , the judge saw me .
And he said , `` Mr. Stevenson , you wrote this bold bold ? ''
I said , `` Yeah , sir , I went . '' And we started to argue .
People started getting . They were all upset .
I was the one who had written those crazy things .
The cops got the cops on the policemen , the auxiliary .
Suddenly , without knowing how , the room was full of people . We 're all mad because we were talking about races , because we talked about poverty , because we talked about inequality .
With the <unk> of the eye , I turned to see how she was going and came .
I would just look out the window and you 're going to hear the whole thing .
I kept walking over here and there .
Finally , this old black man , with the face of concern , entered the room and sat behind me , almost on the lawyers table .
About 10 minutes later , the judge decreed a break .
During the break , a <unk> assistant showed him , because the superintendent had come in in the room .
The assistant <unk> over the old black .
And he said , `` Jimmy , what do you do in the audience room ? ''
And the old black man stood up , looked at the assistant , looked at me and said , `` I walked into this audience room to tell this young man who kept his view in the <unk> goal . ''
I 've come to TED today because I think a lot of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very large , but it folds into justice .
We can not be truly human beings if we do n't care about human rights and dignity .
That our survival is tied to each other .
That our visions of technology , design , entertainment and creativity must marry brotherhood , compassion and justice .
And above all , those of the people here who share this , I just want to tell you that keep the view in the target goal .
Thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : You just hear and see a clear desire in the audience , from this community , to help in your purposes , to do something .
Something that 's not a check . What can we do ?
<unk> : There are several opportunities nearby .
If you live in the state of California , for example , there will be a spring of this spring in which you 're going to make an effort to make the funding that are spent today in punishment policies .
For example , here in California , you 're going to spend a billion dollars in death row in the next five years . One billion dollars .
And despite this , 46 percent of the homicide cases are not <unk> in arrests .
<unk> percent of rape do n't get to anything .
Here 's a chance of change .
This <unk> is going to propose that these funds will be presented to get the law , to security .
I think there 's a very close opportunity .
CA : There 's been a huge decline in crime in the United States in the last three decades .
Part of the explanation is that it 's about the highest incarceration rate .
What would you say to those who believe it is ?
<unk> : Actually , the crime rate with violence has remained relatively stable .
The big growth in mass mass in this country is not for crimes with violence .
It 's because of the wrong war against drugs .
That 's why this dramatic increase in the prison population .
And we let us convince us by the rhetoric of punishment .
We have three legal causes to bring people into life ; to steal a bicycle , for small crimes against property crimes , rather than making those resources to their victims .
I think we need to do more to help the victims of the <unk> and not less .
It seems to me that our philosophy today about punishment does nothing for anyone .
I think that 's the orientation that has to change .
CA : <unk> , you 've been excited about here today .
You 're very inspiring .
Thank you very much for having come to TED . Thank you .
Announcer : They grow the threats to Bin Laden 's death .
Announcer : <unk> in Somalia . <unk> 3 : The police throw out gas gas .
Announcer : <unk> <unk> . Announcer : <unk> <unk> .
Announcer : social <unk> : 65 dead : 65 dead .
Announcer : <unk> . <unk> : <unk> .
Several <unk> : War II . It 's a mass of <unk> .
Recession . <unk> . Egypt . Syria .
Crisis . Death . <unk> .
Oh , my God !
Peter Diamandis : These are just some of the clips I got in the last six months . <unk> could be the last six days or the last six years .
The idea is that the press media would prefer <unk> negative news because our minds are paying attention .
And that responds to a very good reason .
In every second of every day , our senses are receiving many more data than the brain probably can process .
And as nothing matters us to survive , the first stop of all of those data is an ancient fragment of the temporal lobe called the amygdala .
The amygdala is our early warning detector , the danger detector .
<unk> and recorded all the information searching for something in the environment that could make us harm .
So for a <unk> of stories , you 'll look at the negative .
That old saying of the press : `` If there 's blood , it sells , '' it 's very true .
And because all digital devices provide us with negative news for us seven days a week , 24 hours a day , no wonder that we are pessimistic .
It 's not surprising that people think the world is going to be worse .
But maybe not that way .
Maybe , instead , what really happens is that we get <unk> .
Perhaps the huge progress done in the last century by a series of forces is accelerated so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades .
I 'm not saying that we do n't have our good problems : climate change , endangered species , water scarcity , and energy , no doubt we have .
As human beings , we 're very good at dealing with problems and , at the long , we just had them .
Let 's look at what happened in the last century to see where we go .
In the last hundred years , the average of life has more than doubled , average per capita income , adjusted for inflation has tripled around the world .
Child mortality has shrunk 10 times .
Also , the cost of food , of transportation , transportation and communications , has dropped 10 to 1,000 times .
Steve Pinker showed us that we are living the most peaceful age of human history .
And Charles Kenny that global literacy went from 25 to more than 80 percent in the last 130 years .
We 're really living an extraordinary era .
A lot of people forget it .
And we keep giving ourselves higher expectations .
In fact , we redefined the meaning of poverty .
Think about it today in America , much of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity , water , toilets , television , mobile , air conditioning and cars .
The <unk> <unk> of the last century , the <unk> of the planet , would never have dreamed of luxury .
It 's a lot of this technology , and , lately , exponential growth .
My great friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that <unk> in information technology jumps on this curve , Moore 's Law , and double the price of price for about 12 to 24 months .
That 's why the mobile phone you have in your pocket is a million times cheaper than a supercomputer from the '70s .
Now look at this curve .
It 's Moore 's Law for the last hundred years .
I want you to look at two things on this curve .
First , how soft it is -- in good and bad times , in the war and the peace , in recession , in recession and booming .
It 's the end of fast computers that used to build faster computers .
It 's not stopping for any of the big challenges .
And even though it 's <unk> in a law on the left , it 's going up .
The growth rate of technology is in itself faster and faster .
And on this curve , to <unk> Moore 's Law , there 's a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we have today .
The computer in the cloud , which my friends in Autodesk call infinite computing , sensors and networks , 3D printing and its ability to democratize personalized production , all the planet , synthetic biology , fuels , vaccines and food , digital medicine , the nanomaterials and the A.I . .
I mean , how many you saw the victory on `` Jeopardy of Watson , from IBM ? ''
It was epic .
I looked in the newspapers the best headline that I would have .
And I loved this one , `` Watson <unk> human opponents . ''
`` Jeopardy '' is not an easy game .
Play with the nuances of the human language .
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud , available for everyone on your cell phone .
Four years ago , here at TED , Ray Kurzweil and I , we launched a new university called <unk> University .
We teach these technologies to our students , and in particular , how can they be used to solve the great challenges of humanity .
And every year we asked them to release a company , or a product or service , that can positively affect the lives of a billion people in a decade .
Think about that , the fact that a group of students today can impact the lives of a billion people .
Thirty years ago , that would have <unk> absurd .
Today , we can point out a <unk> of companies that have already done .
When I think about creating abundance , it does n't mean to create a fancy life for every single person on the planet ; it 's about creating a life of how possible .
It 's about taking that is scarce and making it plentiful .
You see , scarcity is contextual , and technology is a force that releases resources .
Let me give you an example .
It 's a story of Napoleon III in the middle 1800s .
He 's the guy on the left .
I invited dinner the king of <unk> .
The troops in Napoleon ate with covered with silver , and the same Napoleon , with covered with gold .
But the king of <unk> , he ate with aluminum covered .
You see , aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet ; it was worth more than the gold and the platinum .
That 's why the tip of the Washington slogan is aluminum .
You see , although aluminum is twice the mass of the Earth , it does n't come as pure metal .
It 's tethered to oxygen and <unk> .
But then the <unk> came and made the aluminum thing so cheap that we use it as if it was <unk> .
It 's going to take this analogy towards the future .
Let 's think about energy scarcity .
Ladies and gentlemen , we 're on a planet bathed for 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year .
They come to Earth 16 billion energy every 88 minutes .
It 's not about scarcity , but affordability .
And there 's good news .
This year , for the first time , the cost of solar power in India is 50 percent less than the computer-generated generated : <unk> rupees versus 17 rupees .
The cost of solar power dropped 50 percent last year .
Last month , MIT was a study showing that at the end of the decade , in the U.S. <unk> parts , electricity will cost six cents the <unk> per hour compared to the 15 cents on the national average .
And if we have plenty of energy , we also have plenty of water .
Let 's talk about the wars in the water .
Do you remember when Carl Sagan pointed the Voyager spacecraft towards the Earth , in 1990 , after that country happened ?
Let me get a famous picture . How was it called ?
`` A pale blue dot . ''
Because we live on a planet of water .
We live on a planet , covered in 70 percent of water .
Yes , <unk> percent is saltwater , two percent ice , and we fight by 0.5 percent of the planet , but also here is a hope .
It 's an available technology not in 10 years , but right now .
It comes the nanotechnology , the nanomaterials .
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning , one of the innovators from the <unk> -- I 'd like to share with you , I was allowed to do this -- your technology called <unk> <unk> -- the <unk> is the size of a small refrigerator .
It 's able to generate 1,000 liters of drinking water a day of any saltwater , saltwater water , polluted water , a <unk> at less than two cents the gallon .
The president of Coca-Cola just occurred to you that I 'm going to make an important test for hundreds of these units in the developing world .
If that comes out right , and I have full confidence that this will be , Coca-Cola will implement the world in <unk> countries on the planet .
This is a <unk> innovation for this technology today .
And we 've seen it on mobile phones .
My God , we 're going to get to 70 percent penetration of mobile phones in the end of 2013 .
Think about it , that <unk> warrior has better mobile communications in the middle of Kenya that the President Reagan do 25 years ago .
And to tell you with a smartphone with Google , it has access to more knowledge and information that President Clinton 15 years ago .
It lives in a world of abundance of information and communications that nobody could ever have predicted .
Well , better than that , the things that you and I have paid dozens and hundreds of thousands of dollars <unk> , armed video , images , libraries of books and music technology , diagnostic technology now <unk> and lose market value with mobile phones .
Maybe the best thing comes to you when you run into the health applications .
Last month , I had the pleasure of announce to the <unk> Foundation something called the X <unk> <unk> <unk> .
We 're challenging the teams of the world to combine these technologies on a mobile device that they speak , and because it has AI , they can coughing , you can get blood from your finger .
To win has to make better diagnosis than a certified medical team .
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world in which there 's no doctors , where the load of morbidity is 25 percent , and there are 1.3 percent of health workers .
When this device <unk> a <unk> virus or DNA that does n't recognize , call the health of the health and first of all , avoid the pandemic happening .
But this is the greatest force of producing a world of abundance .
I call it the billion increase .
The white lines of here are the population .
We 've just passed the brand of seven billion .
By the way , the best protection against population explosion is to give the world of education and health .
In 2010 , we had less than two billion people online , connected .
By 2020 , two billion to five billion users of the Internet .
Three billion minds have never before heard about the global conversation .
What will these people want ?
How do you hear ? What a wishes will you have ?
And instead of economic collapse we have the largest economic injection of the story .
These people represent tens of billions of dollars in the global economy .
And more health thanks to the <unk> , of a better education with the Academy Khan of Academy Khan , and because of using prints in 3D and computation in the cloud will be more productive than ever before .
What can you provide with us three billion members of humanity , healthy and productive ?
How about some voices never before heard ?
What if we give the oppressed to the oppressed , wherever they are , a voice to be heard and be able to act for the first time ?
What do these three billion ?
And if you are contributions , we ca n't predict ?
One thing I learned with the X Prize is that small teams , guided by their passion with a clear goal , can make extraordinary things -- things that could only do the big corporations and governments .
I 'm going to end by sharing a story that really excited me .
There 's a program that maybe some you know .
It 's called <unk> .
<unk> at the University of Washington , in Seattle .
It 's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how to fold the protein .
<unk> determines the structure and the functionality .
It 's a very important thing in medical research .
And so far , it was a supercomputers problem .
They 've played with this college professors , among others .
Then hundreds of thousands of people joined and started playing it .
And it has shown that today the pattern of human patterns is better folding proteins than the best computers .
Ladies and gentlemen , what gives me an enormous trust in the future is that we have more power to take the big challenges on the planet .
We have the tools with this exponential technology .
We have the passion of the <unk> .
We have the <unk> capital .
And we have three billion new minds that we 're going to be trained to work on the solution of the big challenges and do what we should do .
We have a few extraordinary decades .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk about a very small idea .
The <unk> of the starting point .
And as the idea can be explained in a minute , I 'll give you three examples to do time .
The first story is about Charles Darwin , one of my heroes .
He was here , as you know , in 1835 .
Maybe they thought he tried to name him , but it was n't .
We actually pick up fish .
And he described one of them as a very common .
It was grouper .
It caught a lot up to the 1880s .
Now the fish is on the Red List of the IUCN .
But we 've heard this story many times , on the Galapagos and other places , so that 's nothing special about it .
But the case is we still come to the Galapagos .
We still think they 're <unk> .
<unk> are still saying that they keep intact .
So what happens here ?
The second story is also illustrating another concept : the shift from the waist .
Because I was there in Western Africa in West Africa .
I was there because I grew up in Europe , and then I wanted to work in Africa .
I thought it could be <unk> .
I burned a lot with the sun , and I was convinced that I was not there .
This is my first exposure to the sun .
The lagoon was surrounded by palms , and as you can see , in a mangroves .
I had <unk> from about 20 inches , the little black beard .
And the fishing of this tilapia was very abundant , and it was happening for a good moment , so it became more than the average in Ghana .
When I went there 27 years later the amount of fish had dropped to half .
They 're going to be five centimeters .
Let 's get a genetic pressure .
There were still fish .
In a way , they were still happy .
And the fish were still happy to be there .
I mean , nothing for changed , but it 's all changed .
My third story is that I was complicit in the introduction of the trawling fishery in Southeast Asia .
In the 1970s , well , it started in the <unk> Europe built many development projects .
The fishing development was imposing the countries that had 100,000 fishermen , <unk> the industrial fishing .
And this boat , pretty ugly , called the <unk> four .
I went out to fishing in it , and we had studies in the south of China 's China <unk> and , especially in the Java Sea .
What we captured there was something <unk> .
<unk> , now , the bottom of the sea .
Ninety percent of what we captured were sponges , other animals that are at the bottom .
And most of the fish are tiny spots about the remains , remains that are fish from coral reef .
In short , the bottom of the sea came to the deck and then was launched .
These images are extraordinary because transition is very fast .
In a year , you do a study and then start the commercial fishing .
The background happens to be a solid background of soft coral , in this case , to be a <unk> .
This is a dead turtle .
They did n't eat them . I 'd cut them because they were dead .
Once we had caught a living .
I still did n't have yet .
Then they wanted to kill her because it was a good food .
This mountain of remains is what they collect every time they go to an area where they 've never been fish .
But it does n't have documented .
We turn the world , but we do n't remember it .
Let 's start the starting point , at the new level , without remembering what was there .
If you 're going to do this , something happens .
On the Y-axis , we have good things : biodiversity , number of killer whales , the <unk> of the country , the water supply .
And that changes over time . It changes because people do things naturally .
Every generation of using the images I received at the beginning of their conscious life as normal and extrapolate ahead .
The difference is that they perceive loss .
But they do n't perceive the loss that happened before .
You can analyze the extract of changes .
And at the end , keeping some miserable remains .
And that , as much , is what we want to do now .
We want to keep things that are no longer , or they 're not what they were .
But you should think that this problem affects people when societies are killing animals without knowing what they 've done to a few generations later .
Because obviously , an animal that 's very abundant , before we extinct , is rare .
You do n't lose animals abundant animals .
You lose animals .
Even if this is n't perceived as a big loss .
Over time , we focus on big animals , and in a ocean synonymous with big fish .
They become rare because we take them down .
Over time , there are few fish , but we think that 's the starting point .
And the question is , why do we accept this ?
Well , because we do n't know that it was different .
In fact , a lot of people , scientists , <unk> that it was very different .
And they will do that because the evidence presented in a previous way is not the way they expect that to have the evidence .
For example , the anecdote that some of you present , as a captain of such as the captain of that area can not be used or , typically , do n't use fishing scientists , because it 's not `` scientist . ''
So we have a situation where people do n't know the past , even though we lived in <unk> societies , because they do n't rely on the sources of the past .
From the big role that can be accomplished a protected marine zone .
Because with marine protected areas , we actually recreating the past .
We 've got the past that people ca n't conceive of because the starting point has been run and extremely low .
That 's for people who can see a protected marine zone , and they can benefit from the vision that it provides , which allows them to erase their departure .
And what about people who ca n't do it because they do n't have access , like people in the West , for example ?
I think there 's the arts and cinema , maybe you can fill the vacuum . The simulation .
This is a simulation of Chesapeake Bay .
A long ago there were gray whales in Chesapeake Bay ; 500 years ago .
And you may have noticed that the nuances and <unk> are like `` Avatar . ''
And if you think about `` Avatar , '' if you think about why people were touched by the movie , I 'm not going to talk about the story of <unk> why we 're going to deal with images ?
Because it raises something that , in a sense , has been lost .
So my recommendation , the only one to give , is Cameron , doing `` Avatar II . ''
Thank you very much .
Hello . I 'm Kevin <unk> , the YouTube theme manager , and I look at YouTube videos in a professional way .
It 's true .
So we 'll see why they 're going to see why videos become viral and how important they have that .
We all want to be stars : celebrities , singers , comedians , when I was younger , that seemed very , very difficult .
But today the web video makes any of us , or our actions , copper it into a part of our global culture .
Anybody can make it famous on the Internet in a <unk> .
They go up over 48 hours of video to YouTube per minute .
And , of those , only a small percentage of it gets viral , gets countless hits and wins cultural <unk> .
How does that happen ?
Three things : creators , communities of participation , and surprise communities .
Okay , let 's start .
<unk> <unk> : Oh my God , my God .
Oh , my God !
Wow .
<unk> , <unk> !
KA : Last year , <unk> <unk> published this video filmed out of his house in the National Park .
In 2010 , it was 23 million times .
This graph shows you on the popularity of popularity of last summer .
<unk> did n't try to make a viral video .
I just wanted to share a double rainbow .
That 's what you do if you 're called Yosemite Mountain <unk> .
I had already published many videos of nature .
This video had been published in January .
So what happened here ?
It was Jimmy <unk> .
Jimmy <unk> published this tweet that <unk> the video to popularity .
The creators of Jimmy <unk> are presented to us with new and interesting things and <unk> them to a broader audience .
Rebecca Black : It 's Friday , Friday . You need to go on Friday . You want to get a weekend , the weekend . <unk> , Friday . They 'd like Friday . KA : You wo n't think we could have this conversation without talking about this video , I hope .
`` <unk> . ''
They saw it almost 200 million times this year .
This graph shows how often I use .
So , as well , this video seemed to be emerged from nothing .
So what happened this day ?
Well , it was Friday , it 's true .
And if you ask for those other peaks , they 're also Friday .
But what happened this day , this particular Friday day ?
Well , I took it <unk> and many blogs started writing about it .
Michael J. Nelson , from <unk> Science Theater was one of the first people in doing a joke about video on Twitter .
But what 's important is that a person or a group of creators embrace a very view and share it with a broader audience , accelerating the process .
So , this community of people who share this big , inner joke , then starts to talk about that and doing things .
And now there are 10,000 <unk> <unk> <unk> on YouTube .
Just in the first seven days , there was a parody for each other days .
Unlike the one-way diversion of the 20th century , this communal engagement is our way to be part of the <unk> phenomenon or doing something new with that .
`` Cat Cat '' is an animation of repetitive animation with a chord music .
That 's what it is .
This year you saw it about 50 million times .
And if you think that 's weird , you know that there 's a <unk> version that has been seen four million times .
Even the cats saw this video .
And there are cats that saw other cats to see the video .
But the important thing here is creativity that I woke up between the Internet <unk> community .
There was <unk> .
Somebody made an ancient version of it .
And then it became international .
Suddenly , a whole community came out of a community of remix that made this happen to be a dumb joke to something that we all can be part of .
Because today we do n't just enjoy , we 're involved .
Who could have predicted something like this ?
Who might be predicted , `` devour double '' or Rebecca Black ?
What script could have been written to be written ?
In a world where two days of video go up two days per minute , just the only thing and unexpected can be made by the way that these things have done .
When a friend told me that I had to look at this big video of a guy who protest against manufacturers in New York , I 'll admit that I did n't get interested in .
Casey <unk> : I was a ticket for <unk> , but often there are obstacles that you have to keep you properly by the <unk> .
KA : Thanks to the surprise effect and his humor , Casey <unk> had gotten five million to see and understand his idea .
So this approach is worth for all the new things that we do in a creative way .
And all of this leads us to a big question .
<unk> <unk> : What does this mean ?
<unk> .
KA : What does this mean ?
<unk> , creative communities of participation , absolutely unexpected , are characteristics of a new kind of media , of a new culture , which we all have access to , and it 's the audience that defines popularity .
As I said earlier , one of the present celebrities of the world , Justin Bieber , started on YouTube .
Do n't ask permission to express your ideas .
Now we 're all a little owners of our pop culture .
These are not the characteristics of the old media , but it 's just the means of the media , but it 's <unk> the entertainment of the future .
Thank you .
This is not a finished story .
It 's a puzzle that 's still assembling .
Let me tell you about some of the pieces .
Imagine the first piece : a man burning the work of a whole life .
It 's a poet , a playwright , a man whose entire life had been supported in the only one of unity and freedom of his country .
Imagine as the communist in <unk> , facing the fact that their life had been totally in vain .
The words , for so long , friends , now making fun .
They 're <unk> in silence .
He died in the story .
He 's my grandfather .
I never met him .
But our lives are much more than our memories .
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story .
My task was not to let that have been in vain , and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to <unk> it , but it was <unk> .
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat at dawn to the sea .
My mother , <unk> , was just 18 years old when his father died , and he was <unk> and two small girls .
For her , life had been destined to one task : the escape of her family and a new life in Australia .
It was inconceivable for her that I could n't do it .
And after a <unk> <unk> <unk> , a boat sat down to the sea -- he 's dressed in fishing ship .
All the adults knew the risks .
The biggest fear was the pirates , rape and death .
As most adults , my mother had a little bit of poison with poison .
If you catch up , we 'd take my sister and I , and then she and my grandmother .
My first memories are from that boat , the constant rate of the engine , the bow to each wave , and the vast and empty horizon .
I do n't remember the pirates who came several times , but they were <unk> with the courage of men on our boat , or the engine dying and not being able to start for six hours .
But I do remember the lights on the oil platform in front of Malaysia , and the young man who collapsed and died , finished the journey was too much for him , and the first apple I tried , given by the men of the platform .
No apple had after the same taste .
After three months in a refugee camp , <unk> in Melbourne .
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women over three generations shaping a new life together .
We set up in <unk> , a suburb of class workers whose population is comprised of immigrants .
Unlike the suburbs of middle class , whose existence I did n't know in <unk> , there was no sense of the right .
The smell that came from the stores were the rest of the world .
And the fragments of English were traded between people who had one thing in common : they were starting again .
My mother worked in farms , then in a car assembly line , working six days , double turn .
Yet , I found time to study English and get a IT title .
We were poor .
All the dollars were mapped , and they had an extra mentoring in English and math , they would n't mind what it should be taken away , which was generally new clothing ; it was always a second hand .
Two pairs of half to school , one to hide the holes in the other .
A school uniform to the ankles , because I had to last six years .
And there were weird <unk> and <unk> on the `` <unk> eyes , '' and some graffiti : `` cultivation , come home . ''
At home , where ?
Something in me is <unk> .
He was accumulating purpose and a voice that said , `` I 'm going to <unk> . ''
My mother , my sister and I would hold on the same bed .
My mother was taxed every night , but we told us about our day and we were hearing the movements of our grandmother in the house .
My mother suffered nightmares , all of the boat .
And my task was to wake up until their nightmares , they started to be able to get rid of it .
She opened a computer store , then I studied to be <unk> and opened another business .
And women would come with their stories about men who could n't make the transition , to angry and <unk> , and boys were stuck in between two worlds .
You looked for subsidies and sponsors .
They were created centers .
I lived in parallel worlds .
In one , it was the classic Asian student , relentless , relentless , with what I 'm <unk> from myself .
On the other , I was very excited in poor lives , tragically <unk> by violence , drug abuse and isolation .
But many of them got aid over the years .
And for that job , when I was studying my last year of lawyer , I was elected the young Australian young year .
And I went into a piece of the puzzle to the other , but its edges did n't fit .
As I read anonymous from <unk> , it was now as well , refugee and social activist , invited to talk in places that I had never heard of name , and in houses whose existence had never imagined .
I did n't know the protocols .
I did n't know how to use the covered .
I did n't know how to talk about wine .
I did n't know how to talk about anything .
I wanted to retreat to the routines and the comfort of life in a <unk> -- a grandmother , a mother and two daughters to end the day as they did for almost 20 years , <unk> on the day of each one and running <unk> , the three still in the same bed .
And I told my mom that I could n't do it .
I remembered that I had now the same age that she had when we climb the boat .
The `` not ever been an option . ''
`` Do it , '' he said , `` It 's not what these are not . ''
So I talked about <unk> youth and education and <unk> to the outcasts and the prisoners .
And the more frankly he was talking about , the more he was <unk> to speak .
I met people from all the roads of life , many of them doing what loved , living on the border of possible .
And although I finished my bachelor 's degree , I realized I could n't stay in a lawyer 's career .
There had to be another piece of the puzzle .
And I realized at the same time that 's okay to be an unknown , a newly come , new in the scene -- and not just that it 's good , but it 's something that 's going to be grateful for , maybe a gift of the boat .
Because being inside can easily mean <unk> the horizons , it can easily mean to accept the assumptions of your province .
I gave the enough steps out of my comfort zone to know that , yes , the world is broken , but not the way we fear .
<unk> that they would n't have been <unk> were a tremendously .
There was an energy there , a relentless optimism , a rare mixture of humility and bravery .
So I kept my intuition .
It 's a small group of people who the slogan `` ca n't be done '' was a compelling challenge .
For a year , we did n't have a penny .
At the end of every day , I was doing a giant soup of soup that we all share .
They 're going to get good at entrance to the night .
Most of our ideas were crazy , but some brilliant ones , and we opened up .
I made the decision to move to the U.S .
After a single trip .
My hunches again .
Three months later , I had moved , and the adventure continued .
Before I finished , let me tell you about my grandmother .
She grew up in a time where the <unk> was the social norm and the local <unk> was the person who mattered .
Life had n't changed for centuries .
His father died shortly after she was born .
The mother was raised alone .
At 17 , it became <unk> from a <unk> whose mother beat her .
No support from her husband , he caused a lock to the <unk> and bringing the cause itself , and much more <unk> caused when he won .
You ca n't get it wrong .
I was in the shower in a hotel room in Sydney when she died , 1,000 miles , in Melbourne .
I looked through the <unk> of the shower and I saw her stop on the other side .
I knew I 'd come down .
My mother called minutes later .
Days later , we went to a Buddhist temple in <unk> and sat around their casket .
We tell stories and we make sure that we were still with her .
At night a monk came and told us that I had to close the coffin .
My mother asked us to hold his hand .
He asked the monk , `` Why his hand is hot , and the rest of the body so cold ? ''
`` Because you 've taken your hand from the morning , '' he said .
`` You have n't <unk> it . ''
If there 's a nerve in our family , that runs through women .
Since we were and how life formed , we can now see that the men who had come to our lives would have frustrated us .
The defeat would have easily <unk> .
Now I want to have my own children , and I wonder about the ship .
Who might wish that to do ?
However , I 'm afraid of the privilege of the easy thing , the right .
Can I give you a bow in your lives , a brave indulge in each wave , the steady <unk> rate of the engine , the vast horizon that no guarantee anything ?
I do n't know .
But if I could give it to you and see them safely .
<unk> <unk> and also the mother of it is now here in the fourth or fifth row .
My story begins in <unk> about two years ago .
I was in the desert , under the skies crashed with the Sufi singer <unk> .
We were having a conversation of how nothing has changed since the old Indian epic `` The Mahabharata '' .
In those days when the Indians we wanted to travel to a car , you know , <unk> the sky .
Now we do it with airplanes .
At that time , when they were <unk> , the great prince warrior warrior , he took a bow and a <unk> to the ground , got water .
We now do the same with <unk> and machines .
The conclusion that we took was that the machinery had replaced to the magic .
And that was a lot of fun .
Every time I felt a little bit more than <unk> .
I would give me this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate a sunset if I did n't have the camera , if I could n't afford my friends .
It seemed like technology had to allow magic , not kill her .
As a child , my grandfather gave me his <unk> <unk> .
And this piece of technology for 50 was for me the most magical thing .
It became a golden door to a world filled with images , of pirates and <unk> in my imagination .
I had the feeling that mobile phones , the luxury clocks and the cameras keep that <unk> .
We were inspired by our inspiration .
So I launched , so I came to this technology world to see how to use it to create magic , instead of kill her .
<unk> books from the 16 years .
So when I saw the iPad , I saw a narrative device able to connect the readers of the entire world .
You can know how we take the book .
Where are we .
Put the text together with the image , animation , sound and touch .
The storytelling becomes increasingly <unk> .
But what does that do that ?
I 'm about to launch <unk> , an interactive application for the iPad .
He says , `` puts your fingers on every light . ''
And so -- he says , `` This box belongs to ... '' I write my name .
And so I get a character from the book .
At a number of moments , I get a <unk> -- the iPad knows where I live because of GPS -- that 's led to me .
My inner girl gets excited with all of these possibilities .
I 've talked a lot about magic .
And I do n't mean magicians and dragons , but to that childhood magic , to those ideas that we 're going to have children .
For some reason , fireflies in a jar always became exciting .
So over here , we have to shift the iPad to release fireflies .
And actually , they light your way into what 's subtraction of the book .
Another idea I was fascinated by a child was that a whole galaxy <unk> in a <unk> .
So here , every book and every world is transformed into a <unk> that I drag up to this magical device , within the device .
And this opens up a map .
In every fantasy book , there have always been maps but static maps .
This is a map that grows , <unk> and guide you through the rest of the book .
In certain points of the book , it reveals .
Now I 'm going to come in .
Another hugely important aspect to me is to create Indian content and the contemporary time .
These are the <unk> .
We 've all heard of the fairy and the <unk> , but how many people outside India know their Indian counterparts , <unk> ?
These poor <unk> have been trapped in the cameras of Indra for millennia , in an old and wet book .
So we 're bringing them back into a contemporary child history .
In a story that deals with current issues as the environmental crisis .
And , talking about the environmental crisis , one of the problems for the last 10 years has been that kids have been locked up , attached to their PCs , have n't left the outside world .
But now with mobile technology , we can pull our kids into the natural world with their technology .
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go out outside , take the camera or iPad , and collect images of different natural objects .
As a girl , I had a lot of collections : sticks , stones , pebbles and shells .
For some reason , children are no longer .
So to reclaim this childhood ritual , you have to go out and , in a chapter , you 'll take a picture to a flower and then <unk> it .
In another chapter , you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then label them .
So you create a digital collection of pictures that then you can put on the Web .
A child in London puts a picture of a fox and says , `` Oh , I saw a fox . ''
A child in India says , `` I saw a monkey . ''
And you create this kind of social network around a collection of digital photos that have been taken .
Within the variations of connection between magic , Earth and technology is many possibilities .
In the next book we have an interaction where you go out with the iPad and the video , and through augmented reality , you see a group of cartoons that appear on inside the house plants .
At a moment the screen is full of leaves .
And you have to make the sound of the wind and try to be able to read the rest of the book .
We go to a world where nature 's forces are <unk> with technology and magic and technology will come to another .
It 's <unk> the energy of the sun .
We 're approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and that magic , joy and child love that we sit through a simple story .
Thank you .
I 'd like to talk to you about why a lot of <unk> projects fail .
And I think , really , that the most important thing about that is that we stopped listening to patients .
And one of the things we did at the University of <unk> was <unk> a director of listening .
And not in a very scientific way , she raised a little coffee cup or you and asked patients , family and known , what happens ?
`` How can we help it ?
And we tend to think , that this is one of the biggest problems for what everybody , or maybe not all , but most of the projects of the <unk> projects fail , because we stopped listening .
This is my Wi-Fi scale . It 's a very simple thing .
It 's got a switch on and off .
Every morning I get me up .
And yes , I have a challenge as you can see .
I put the challenge to 95 kilograms .
But it 's so simple , that every time I link to , it sends my information to Google Health .
And my doctor of <unk> has access to him too , and so he can see what my weight problem is , not at the same time that I needed assistance , or some urgency of that style , but see it backwards .
But there 's another thing .
Like some of you know , I have more than 4,000 followers on Twitter .
So every morning I connect to my Wi-Fi scale , and before I climb up my car , people start to talk to me : <unk> , I think you need a light lunch .
That 's the best thing that can happen , because it 's pressure from the used pairs to help patients , because it could be used for obesity , and also for patients to stop smoking .
On the other hand , it can <unk> to move people from their chairs and together to develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health .
From the next week it will be available .
This little <unk> connected to an iPhone or another device .
And people will be able to , from their homes , take their blood pressure , bring them into their doctor , and share it with others , for example , for 100 dollars .
This is the point where patients assume a position , they become captains and their own boat , but it can also help health care because of the challenges that we face , as the firing of the costs of attention care , the doubling of demand and other issues .
<unk> techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team .
And they can do it with techniques like this , but also through crowdsourcing .
And one of the things we did want to share with you with a video video .
We all have <unk> controls .
Maybe we even have them on our cell phones .
We know perfectly where ATMs are in <unk> .
And also where they 're all <unk> .
And of course , we can find fast food chains .
But where is the closest <unk> to help this patient ?
We asked , but nobody knew it .
No one knew where to get the warmth saves in this moment .
What we did was to build crowdsourcing in the Netherlands .
We created a website , and we asked the audience that , if you look at a <unk> , please do n't know where , and when it 's open , you know where it 's open , sometimes you open in schedules and others are closed .
And over 10,000 <unk> , they were already introduced in the Netherlands .
The next step was to look for the app for that .
And we made an app for the iPad .
We created an app for <unk> , augmented reality , to find these <unk> .
And every time you 're in the city of <unk> and someone collapses , they can use their iPhone , and the next few weeks would use their cell phone phone to find the nearest <unk> , which can save lives .
And from today , I 'd like to introduce this one , not just as <unk> <unk> , which is the name of the product , but also as <unk> .
And we wish to be worldwide .
We 're <unk> all the colleagues in the world , in other universities , to help us find , work and act like a crowdsourcing center worldwide .
Every time you 're on vacation and somebody collapses , it can be a relative or someone in front of you , you can find it .
I would also want to invite companies around the world that could help us dedicate them .
You could be messenger services or telephone services , for example , to see if the <unk> that 's shown is still in its place .
Please help us on this and not just improve health , but take control of it .
Thank you very much .
I 'm here to share 'my 'my . ''
Or is it <unk> .
Because of course , they 're photographs that ca n't take their cameras .
My interest for photography woke up with my first digital camera at the age of 15 .
I mixed with my passion before the drawing , but it was a little bit different because by using the camera , the process was on planning .
And when you take a photograph with a camera , the process ends up when the trigger is presses .
For me , photography had more to do with being in the right place , at the right time .
It seemed that anybody could do it .
So I wanted to create something different , a process that would start to press the trigger .
Similar to this : a construction on a very <unk> road .
But it has an unexpected twist .
And despite that , it keeps a level of realism .
Or pictures like these -- dark and colorful , at the same time , but with the common goal of keeping the realism of realism .
And when I say realism , I say <unk> .
Because of course , it 's not something that I can do , but I always want it to seem to be captured in some way as a photograph .
Pictures that you will have to think about a moment to discover the trick .
It has more to do with capturing an idea that with a moment .
But what is the trick that makes it seem real ?
Are the details or the colors ?
<unk> the light ?
What creates the illusion ?
Sometimes the illusion is perspective .
But at the end , it 's about our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive it in a two-dimensional surface .
It 's not really about whether it 's realistic , but what we think is realistic .
So I think the foundations are very simple .
I see it as a puzzle of reality in which we take different pieces of reality and put them together to create an alternative reality .
Let me show you a simple example .
Here we have three objects that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world .
But combined , in a certain way , you can create something that still seems three-dimensional , and as if it existed .
But at the same time , we know that it does n't exist .
So we pretend to the brain because the brain does n't embrace the fact that that really does n't make sense .
And I see the same process by combining the photographs .
It 's really about combining different realities .
And the things that make a picture look like realistic I think that are those in which we do n't even think about ; the things around us in our daily lives .
But when we combine photographs , it 's very important to think , because otherwise something will look wrong .
So I 'd like to say that there are three simple rules to go to realistic results .
As you can see , these images are not very special .
But combined , they can create something like this .
So the first rule is that the combination of photos must have the same perspective .
Secondly , pictures must have the same kind of light .
And these two images actually meet these requirements ; they were taken to the same height and with the same kind of light .
The third point is to do impossible to distinguish the beginning and the end of the different images with a perfect union .
It has to be impossible to see where the image is made .
Here 's another example .
Now , you might think this is the image of a landscape , and the bottom is filtered .
But this picture is totally composed of different places .
In the personal way , I think it 's easier to create a place to find it because you do n't need to put in danger the ideas that has in your head .
But it requires a lot of planning .
And as I thought about this idea in the winter , I knew I had several months for <unk> , to find the different locations for the puzzle pieces .
For example , the fish was captured on a fishing journey .
The shores are from a different location .
The <unk> part was captured in a stone pit .
And I know , I even made a red thing from the top of the island of the island for more microfinance .
So to get a realistic result , I think it takes planning .
You always start with a sketch , an idea .
Then we have to combine the different photographs .
And here 's each piece very well meant .
If you do a good job by taking the pictures , the result can be very beautiful and very realistic .
All the tools are there , and the only limit is our imagination .
Thank you .
I 'll start showing you a slide about technology , very boring .
Please , if you can put it .
It 's a diagram that I took from a folder .
I 'm not interested in showing you the details , but the general look .
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of <unk> microprocessors versus the power of local area networks .
What 's interesting about this is that this , as many other we tend to see , is a kind of a straight line on a logarithmic scale .
In other words , every step of here represents an order of magnitude on the performance scale .
I 'm going to talk about technology with <unk> curves is something new .
Here 's something weird .
And that 's what I 'm going to talk about .
Please turn on the lights .
<unk> more intensity because writing about paper .
Why are we plot technology on <unk> scales ?
The answer is that if you draw them on a normal curve in which , say , these are the years , or some unit of time , and this would be any measure of the technology that I want to chart , the diagram would look something ridiculous .
It would be something like this .
It does n't say much .
But if a plot , for example , some other technology , like transportation , on a <unk> curve , would be very dumb , we would see a straight line .
But if something like this , it 's a qualitative change .
If the transportation of transport is as fast as the microprocessors , we could last morning we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in Tokyo in 30 seconds .
But it does n't move at that rate .
There 's no precedent in the history of technological development that every few years advance orders of magnitude .
The question I want to make is -- Looking at these exponential curves , we see they do n't follow forever .
It 's not possible to support this change as fast as it goes .
Let 's get one of two things .
Or it will be turned into a typical curve , and it 's like this until something completely different , or maybe I 'll do something like this .
That 's all that can happen .
I 'm optimistic , so I think maybe something like that .
So we would now be in the middle of a transition .
In this line , we are in a transition from what used to be the world , to a new form .
So what I 'm trying to ask , to ask , is , what is that new way to adopt the world ?
So what new state is going around the world ?
The transition looks very , very confused if we 're engaged in it .
I remember the future would happen in the year 2000 and people used to talk about what would happen in the year 2000 .
This is a conference where people talk about the future and we see that the future is still the year 2000 .
That 's all we see .
In other words , the future has shrunk , year after year , over my life .
But I think it 's because we feel something is happening .
We can feel it . We can feel it .
And we know that it does n't make sense to think about 30 or 50 years because it 's all going to be so different than extrapolate what we 're doing today does n't make any sense .
So I want to talk to you about how it might be , how could that transition that we experience .
But to do that , I 'll have to talk a little bit about things that do n't have much to do with technology and computer technology .
Because I think the only way to understand it is taking a distance and look at things in the long term .
The scale of time in which I 'd like to do that is the time of life on Earth .
I think this picture makes sense if we looked at it every billion years .
So , we go back about 2.5 billion years when the Earth was a big sterile rock with a lot of chemicals that were going to be around .
So if we look at the way those chemicals give us an idea of how things happened .
And I think there are theories to start to understand the origin of RNA , and I 'm going to tell you a simple version of this , and that is , at that time , I 'd been floating through some oiled oil with all kinds of chemical recipes inside .
Some of those oil droplet was held by a particular combination of chemicals that made them bring materials from the outside , and then blobs grew up .
And they started to divide .
In some sense , those were the most primitive cell forms -- those pools of oil .
But those blobs were n't alive , in the current sense , because each of them had a random recipe for chemicals .
And every time you have divided into an unequal distribution of chemicals that held .
So every droplet was a little bit different .
In fact , the blobs that somehow became better at the time to incorporate the surrounding chemicals ; they grew more , <unk> more chemicals and split more .
Usually they lived longer , they were more represented .
It was a form of life , chemistry , very simple , but things got interesting when these droplets learned the abstraction trick .
In some ways that we do n't understand very well , they learned to store information .
They learned to keep information , which was the recipe for the cell , in a special chemical called DNA .
In other words , <unk> in this evolution of meaningless evolution , a writing system that allowed them to record what they were to be able to replicate .
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since it evolved 2.5 billion years ago .
Our recipe , our genes , are exactly the same code , that same writing system .
In fact , every single self is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code .
And one of the things that I did just for fun -- now we can write things with this code .
Here I have 100 <unk> white dust that I try to hide the security people in the airport .
But it contains -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we tend to use on this -- and I wrote my personal data in this piece of DNA and <unk> 10 to the 22 times .
So if somebody wants 100 million copies of my personal card , I have a lot for everyone here -- in fact , for every person in the world and it 's here .
If I was a <unk> , I would have put it in a virus and have spread it through the room .
What was the next step ?
Writing the DNA was an interesting step .
This made these cells be happy for another billion years .
But then another big step happened in which things were very different in which things were very different and was that these cells started trading and communicating information to form their cells .
I do n't know if you know , but bacteria can exchange DNA .
So , for example , it evolved resistance to antibiotics .
Some bacteria found a way to avoid penicillin and <unk> them to create their little DNA with other bacteria , and now there are so much resilient to penicillin because bacteria communicate .
This communication gave rise to communities that , in a way , were together in that , and established synergy .
That way to survive or failed <unk> , whatever , if a community was very successful all the individuals in that community , they 'd become more and they were <unk> by evolution .
And the tipping point occurred when these communities were close to , in fact , they came together and they decided to write the whole recipe in the community together in a chain of DNA .
The next stage interesting for life took another billion years .
And at that stage , we have multicellular communities , communities of many different cells working together as one organism .
In fact , we are a multicellular community .
We have a lot of cells that are n't acting alone .
The skin cell does n't work without the heart of the heart , or the muscles , or the brain , and so on .
So these communities evolved and they produced the more interesting levels that the cell phone , something we call an organism .
The next level happened within these communities .
These started <unk> information .
And to build very special structures that they did n't do more than process information in community .
They 're the neural structures .
The neurons are the devices that process the information that those cell communities built .
In fact , they began to specialize within the community being responsible for register , understanding and convey the information .
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities .
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage .
Because at that moment as individuals -- learning was confined to the duration of an organism , not to the period of evolutionary time .
So one organism could , for example , learn not to eat any fruit because he knew badly , and he got sick and got sick .
That could happen during the life of an organism because they had built these information processing structures that by evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by death of individuals who ate that fruit .
So the fact that the nervous system built these information structures through the evolutionary process .
Because evolution could now be confined to an individual .
It could happen in the time necessary to learn .
But then , of course , individuals discovered the communication trick .
So , for example , the most refined version we know is human language .
If we think about it , it 's an incredible invention .
I have a very complicated idea , a vague idea , in your head .
I 'm here by sitting here emitting a few <unk> and hopefully building a similar , vague and confusing idea , in his heads that holds some analogy with me .
But we take something very complicated , we turn it into sound , in sound sequences , and we produce something very complicated in another brain .
That now allows us to start to work as an organism .
In fact , as humanity , we 've started to perform abstractions .
We now spend through periods similar to multicellular organisms ; we will embrace our record methods , presentation and information processing .
For example , the invention of language was a small step in that direction .
Time , computer tape , video tape , the CD-ROM , and so on , are the specialized mechanisms we now built to handle that information .
And that brings us together in something much larger , faster and able to evolve more than we did before .
Now evolution can happen in microseconds .
You saw the evolutionary <unk> of <unk> in which it produced some evolution with the <unk> program , in front of our eyes .
And now we have accelerated time scales again .
The first stages of the story that I told you about took a billion years every one .
The next stages , the nervous system and the brain , took about hundreds of millions of years .
The next , the language and so on , took less than a million years .
And the following , like electronics , seems to take a few decades .
The process goes back ; I suppose it 's the right word to name something that <unk> its own pace of change .
The more it changes , the faster it does .
And I think that 's what we see in this explosion of the curve .
We see the process behind it .
But I make my life designing computers , and I know that the mechanisms that job jobs would not be possible without recent computing advances .
But now design objects of such complexity that would be impossible for me to design them .
I do n't know that a transistor does every transistor .
There are billions .
Instead , with the designers of <unk> <unk> , we think about a level of abstraction , we put it on the machine and the machine with that does something that could n't , it gets much further and faster than ever before .
In fact , sometimes methods that we do n't even understand well .
A particularly interesting method that I 've been using lately is evolution itself .
We put into the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of microseconds .
And for example , in the most extreme cases , we can evolve a program from a random sequence of instructions .
We say , `` Please computer , can you run a hundred million random sequences ? ''
Could you run these sequences of instructions at random , run all those programs , and take those things that are more than we want to do ? ''
In other words , I define what I want .
Let 's say I want to order numbers , to put a simple example .
So we found the programs that are most closer to numbers .
Of course , it 's unlikely that some random sequences of instructions , <unk> numbers , so none of them made it .
But one , fortunately , could find two numbers in the right order .
And I said , `` computer , could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that would better do the task ?
You 're going to get those and get them to the rest .
And now I 'm going to see the ones that best ordered numbers .
And then let 's go back to <unk> , following a hedge bill of analog to sex . ''
Let 's take two programs , that <unk> children , that <unk> <unk> , and that children will take the properties of both programs .
So we got a new generation of programs from the combinations of programs that had a little more successful .
And we say , `` Please repeat the process . ''
Let 's go back again .
We 've got some mutations .
And it 's trying to go back and forth with another generation .
Well , each generation takes a few milliseconds .
So I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or , in complicated cases , in a few hours .
In the end , we ended up with programs that they 're having absolutely perfect way .
In fact , they 're a lot more efficient programs than I could have written by hand .
If I look at those programs I ca n't say how they work .
I 've tried to analyze it to see how they work .
They 're dark , strangers .
But they get a committed .
In fact , I know , I have the safety of getting the goal because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that did .
In fact , their lives depended on .
I was going to go on a 747 and take a card and get a card and says , `` Look at this .
It says , `` Open airplane has hundreds of thousands of <unk> that work together to offer safe flight . '' Does n't make you feel quiet ? ''
We know that engineering processes do n't work very well when they become complicated .
So we started to depend on computers to make different design processes .
And that allows us to produce things much more complex than the ones that produces normal engineering .
However , we do n't understand all the options there .
In that sense , it goes in front of us .
We now use those programs to make a lot faster , and so we can run these programs much faster .
I mean , it feeds back .
The thing goes faster and faster , and I think it seems so <unk> .
Because all these technologies are fed up .
We 're taking off .
And we 're at an analog moment to the single-celled organisms when they became multicellular .
We are the amoebas and we ca n't understand what the hell we 're creating .
We 're at the tipping point .
But I think something comes behind us .
I think it would be very arrogant about our part to think that we are the end product of evolution .
And I think all of us are part of the creation of whatever it is .
But now it comes to lunch , and I think it 's going to stop here before I 'm going on .
I think we have to do something with a part of medical culture that should change .
And I think this starts with a doctor , and that 's me .
And I 've got enough time to allow me to give up some of my false prestige .
Before I treat my talk , let 's talk a little bit about baseball .
Why not ?
We 're close to the end of the World Series .
We love baseball , right ?
<unk> is full of amazing statistics .
There are hundreds of statistics .
It 's because of the rules of the rules , it talks about statistics and use it to form a great baseball team .
I 'm going to focus on one of them , and I hope many of you know that .
It 's called the average <unk> .
And we talked about 300 , of a <unk> that <unk> 300 .
That means that <unk> bat effectively , three of 10 times .
That means throwing the ball into the field of play without being trapped , and that anyone who tries to throw it out to the first base , not to come up with time , and the second foundation will be saved .
Three attempts .
You know how they call a <unk> <unk> at the Great League League ?
Well , really good , maybe the star team .
You know how they call a <unk> baseball ?
By the way , that 's somebody who 's 10 taps , they hit four .
<unk> -- like the legendary Ted Williams , the last player of the Major League player in <unk> <unk> in a regular season .
Now I 'm going to take this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable , or maybe less uncomfortable , after what I 'm going to tell you today .
Suppose you have appendicitis , and they 're derivatives of a surgeon who has also a <unk> record .
It does n't work , right ?
Now suppose that they live in a remote place , and a loved one has two arteries intact , and your family family drift to a cardiologist whose record in <unk> is 200 .
But you know something ?
She 's improved remarkably this year .
And their hits have been <unk> .
This is not working .
But I 'll ask you .
What do you think that should be the average of a heart or prosthetic surgeon , from a nurse or a <unk> <unk> ?
1,000 , very well .
And the truth of the matter is that nobody in medicine knows the hits of a good surgeon , a doctor or a doctor .
What we do , however , is sending them to the world , and also included , with the mandate of being perfect .
They never , ever , made a mistake and try and figure out how to do it well .
That was the message that I 'm going to ask when I was in medical school .
I was a obsessional obsessive student .
Once , a fellow in high school , he said that Brian Sachs for a blood test .
Perhaps .
I was going into my little <unk> , in the nurses of the General Hospital in Toronto , not far from here .
And I learned all of the memory .
From my kind of anatomy , I memorized the origins and the muscle work , the branching of every artery that comes out of your aorta , the frequent differential diagnosis and the usual .
And I even knew differential diagnosis about how to classify the kidney <unk> .
And as much more and more knowledge .
And I was very well ; I graduated with the honors .
And <unk> of medical school with the impression that if you were all , then it would know everything , or as possible , close to everything , because I 'm going to get rid of the mistakes .
And it worked for a while , until I met the <unk> lady .
I was a resident in a college hospital here in Toronto , when they brought in the lady <unk> the emergency service where I worked .
At the time I was given to cardiology service .
And when I was applying to a cardiologist to a cardiologist .
I 'll report to the chief of residents .
When I saw the <unk> lady , I was very excited .
I heard a <unk> sound .
And when the <unk> , I heard a <unk> sound on both sides , which sent me a <unk> heart failure .
In these conditions , the heart stops working and , instead of being able to pump the blood forward , the blood goes to the lungs , and they 're filled with blood , and so there 's difficulty breathing .
And it was n't hard to diagnose .
I did , and I started working on the treatment that I would give you .
I gave aspirin and medication to alleviate the pressure on your heart .
I gave him <unk> , water pills , so that I could eliminate liquid .
And in an hour or two , she began to feel better .
And I felt very well .
And that was when I made the first mistake ; he sent her home .
I actually made two more mistakes .
He sent her home without talking to the chief of residents .
I did n't get the phone , and I did n't do what I should have done , which I should be calling my boss and <unk> with him to her .
And if my boss would have seen it , it would have been able to bring personally information .
Maybe I did it for a good reason .
Maybe I did n't want to be a resident to get a constant attention .
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility , who could take care of my patients without even contact my boss .
The second mistake I made was worse .
To send it to her house , I did n't take attention to a voice in my inner voice that said , `` Goldman , it 's not a good idea . Do n't do it . ''
In fact , I was so insecure that I asked the nurse who was taking care of the <unk> lady , `` Do you think it 's okay if you go to your house ? ''
And the nurse thought , and then he said quite naturally , `` Yes , I think I 'll be okay . ''
I remember that as if it was yesterday .
So he signed the high , and the ambulance next with the ambulance took her home .
And I went back to the hospital room .
The rest of that day , that afternoon , I had a bad feeling in the stomach .
But I went through my work .
At the end of the day , I packed to leave the hospital and I walked into the parking lot where my car was to go home . At that moment , I did something I do n't usually do normally .
I went through the emergency room service .
And there another nurse , not that I was taking care of the <unk> lady before , but another one . She said three words , those three words that most emergency doctors fear .
Other specialists are afraid of them as well , but there 's a <unk> in <unk> , and we see the patients <unk> .
The three words are : Does you remember you ?
`` Does the patient remember sent to his house ? ''
He asked the other nurse with total <unk> .
`` Well she came back , '' with the same tone of voice .
She was good .
But I went back and on the edge of death .
After an hour of having come to his house , after I gave him the high , he suffered a collapse and her family called 911 , and his family brought them to emergency room with a <unk> blood pressure , which means a severe shock .
I was barely breathing and blue .
The emergency staff will go through all their resources .
They gave medication to climb the blood pressure .
And they put a ventilator .
I was shocked and <unk> to the spinal cord .
He had a mixture of feelings because after the <unk> was in intensive therapy and waiting for all the hope that he would recover .
And in the next two or three days , it was clear that you 've never been able to see .
He had an irreversible brain damage .
The family got together .
And in eight or nine days , they 'll be transferred to what was happening .
And at the ninth day , they let go . The <unk> lady , wife , mother and grandmother .
They say they never forget the names that they die .
That was my first experience .
The next few weeks , I 'm going to get excited about it and I experienced for the first time the embarrassment of shame that exists in our medical culture and sat alone , without feeling a healthy shame because you ca n't afford your colleagues .
You make peace and you never make that mistake .
It 's that shame that leaves a teaching .
The unhealthy shame of which I 'm talking about is that makes us feel bad about it .
It 's the one that tells us that what we did was wrong , but we 're bad .
And that felt .
And it was n't by my boss ; he was a <unk> .
I talked to the family , and I 'm sure you 're going to get the things out and made sure that I 'm not going to hurt me .
And I kept getting those questions .
Why did n't I ask my boss ? Why did he send her home ?
And in my worst moments , why made this stupid mistake ?
Why do I choose medicine ?
Gradually that feeling was <unk> .
And I started feeling better .
And in a cloudy day , it opened up the sky , and then finally came the sun , and I wondered if I felt better again .
And I made a deal with myself in which if we were able to take the efforts to be perfect for no more mistakes , and I would use those voices .
And so it was .
I went back to work .
But it turned to happen .
Two years later , I was an assistant in the emergency department in a community hospital north of Toronto , and I got a <unk> man with a pain on his throat .
I was very busy and hurry .
And he would stand up here .
I watched her throat , was a little bit <unk> .
He would give him penicillin and sent him back home .
But while he ran to the door , he kept pointing out his throat .
Two days later , when I came to make my toy shift , my boss asked to talk to me in his office .
And I gave the three words : Does you remember you ?
Remember the patient who saw a pain on your throat ?
So he went back and did n't have a <unk> <unk> .
I had a potentially fatal condition called <unk> .
You can look for Google . It 's an infection , not your throat , but from the top air , and that can cause the closing of those pathways .
He , fortunately , did n't die .
We managed to get antibiotics out of it , and they recovered the few days .
And I went through the same period of shame and <unk> , then I was born and went back to work , until it happened again and again and again .
Two times in the same emergency shift , I do n't find appendicitis .
And it 's a big effort , especially working in a hospital , because it was taken into 14 patients at the same time .
But in both cases , I did n't send them home and I do n't think that 's been a carelessness .
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation .
Order an X-ray of kidneys , but it turned out to be normal . A colleague who was checking the patient perceived to some sensibility in the lower right-hand corner and called the surgeon .
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea .
He ordered him liquid and I asked my colleague to take it .
I looked at it , and when he noticed some sensitivity in the bottom right , he called the surgeon .
Both were operated and recovered .
But every case I 'm <unk> , I devoured .
But I 'd like to tell you that I made the worst errors in the first five years of exercise , and as a lot of colleagues say , it 's a mess .
<unk> have been for the last five years .
Just embarrassed and without support .
And here 's the problem : If I ca n't release them and talk about my mistakes , if I ca n't find the <unk> that tells me what really happens , how can I share this with my colleagues ?
How do I show you this to do n't make the same mistakes ?
If I would go into a place like this , I would have no idea what you think about me .
When was the last time you heard somebody talk about failure , after failure , after failure ?
Of course , at a party you 'll hear about other doctors ' errors , but you ca n't hear someone talking about their own mistakes .
And if I knew and my colleagues also , that a <unk> in my hospital <unk> the wrong leg , believe me he would have difficulty looking at it .
This is the system that we have .
The total denial of mistakes .
It 's the system where there are two positions : those who make mistakes and those who are n't able to sleep , and the ones that have a results of results and the ones that have great results .
And it 's almost like an ideological reaction , as the antibodies you start to attack that person .
We have the idea that if you do n't do about medicine to people who make mistakes , we will get a safe system .
But that brings two problems .
In 20 years about diffusion and medical journalism , I 've done a bad medical study and medical journalism study to learn as possible , from the first article I wrote for the Toronto `` Star <unk> , Black Art , '' [ <unk> ] white art .
And what I learned is that mistakes are ubiquitous .
We work in a system where mistakes happen every day , where they 're in every 10 drugs that are going on in the hospital are wrong , or <unk> is not right . In a system where infections are increasingly , and more numerous , causing chaos and death .
In this country , 80,000 Canadians , by preventable medical errors .
The U.S. Institute in America established 100,000 .
In both cases , it 's about <unk> <unk> , because we 're not telling us the problem as we should .
And so they are things .
A hospitable system where knowledge is broken every two or three years , and we do n't know .
I 'm playing sleep deprivation .
And we ca n't get rid of it .
We have cognitive biases that allow to make a perfect history of a patient with their chest pain .
Now , let 's take the same patient with a chest pain , she comes with my eyes , and she gets back to alcohol , and all of a sudden , my story was <unk> of contempt .
It 's not the same story .
I 'm not a robot ; I do n't do things always .
And my patients are not cars . They did n't shrink their symptoms forever .
For all of this , mistakes are inevitable .
So if we take the system as they taught us , and we eliminate all the professional professionals likely to mistake , well , not to be left .
And what about people do n't want to talk about their most serious cases ?
In my program : `` white <unk> , black art , '' is already a custom say , `` This is my worst mistake . '' `` This is my worst mistake . '' I would say to everybody from the ambulance , `` This is my worst mistake '' -- blah , blah , blah -- `` What are your mistakes ? '' And they 'll get the microphone
And their students would fall down , they 're going to go down their head and spit them out saliva and start telling their stories .
They want to tell their stories , they want to share them .
You could say , `` Look , they did n't make the same mistake . ''
They need a context where we can do it .
They need a medical medical culture .
And it starts with a doctor every time .
The redefined doctor is human , you know , you know , and it does n't get proud of his mistakes , but she tries to learn about what 's happened to teach others .
It shares their experiences with them .
It 's support for those who talk about their mistakes .
They 're going to make the mistakes of other people not with the intention of catch , but in a loving way and support for everyone to benefit .
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings are running the system , and when this happens , they make errors once in time .
My name is Brian Sachs .
I 'm a redefined doctor .
I 'm human , I make mistakes .
And I 'm very sorry , but I 'm effort to learn something that can convey to others .
I do n't know what you think about me , but I can live with that .
And let me conclude with three personal words : I remember it .
Do you know how many decisions we take ?
Do you know how much we choose a week ?
Recently , I did a survey over 2,000 people , and the average amount of choices that he says to be a half of a half , is 70 to the day .
Not much ago , in research followed for a week to a group of business presidents .
The researchers recorded the different tasks that were used by these executives and the time that we 're going to make decisions related to those tasks .
They found that , on average , <unk> <unk> per week .
Naturally , every job included a lot of <unk> .
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less .
Only 12 percent required an hour or over their time .
Now think about their choices .
You know how many they belong to the category of nine minutes , and how many of an hour ?
How does it tell the way that those decisions deal ?
Today , I want to talk about one of the biggest problems today : choice with the options .
I want to talk about the problem and of some possible solutions .
As I talk about this , I 'm going to ask you a few questions , and I need to know their answers .
When I ask a question , like I 'm blind , like I 'm blind , just if you want to burn calories .
Otherwise , when you ask a question , if your answer is positive please .
And now my first question of the day : Are you ready to hear about the problem of choice ?
Thank you .
Being a graduate student at Stanford University , <unk> this very , very high supermarket , at least at that time was very sophisticated .
It was called <unk> 's .
It was almost like going to an amusement park .
There were like 250 different kinds of mustard and vinegar , more than 500 different types of fruits and vegetables and about 25 of the bottled water , and this was when we took water on the faucet .
I loved going to that store , but at one occasion , I asked myself , why never buy anything ?
This is the olive oil shelf .
They had over 75 different classes , including the ones that were in sealed box that came from the millennials .
I once decided to visit a manager and I asked her , `` Does this strategy of offering all these options ? ''
He pointed to me the buses full of tourists who came every day , usually with their cameras .
We decided to do a little experiment with <unk> .
Same hall .
They had different classes .
You put a post for <unk> , right to the entrance to the store .
We put it out of six flavors , or from 24 tastes , and we looked at two things : First , what 's case people were willing to stop to try and test them ?
More people stopped when I had 24 , 60 percent , that when there were only six , 40 percent .
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a pot pot .
Here we find the opposite effect .
From the ones that stopped when I had 24 , only three percent came to you .
From the ones that stopped when I had six , we saw that 30 percent bought it .
If we do the calculations , people had six times more likely to buy control if they were six .
Well , to decide that we do n't buy yourself , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , it 's good to conserve the <unk> , but it turns out that the problem of the choices is actually affecting us in very far decisions .
We decided to do n't decide , even though this is not treated .
Now the theme of the day : financial savings .
I 'm going to describe to you a study that I did with <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> and Wei <unk> , where we see the decisions about savings for the retirement of about a million Americans , from a million Americans , from about 650 plans of this country .
We were interested in seeing if the number of funding available in retirement plans for retirement , the 401 program , <unk> people to save for the future .
And we found that there was really a correlation .
We had <unk> plans from two , to 59 options .
We found that the bigger it was the number of funding , there were less participation .
So if you look at the extremes , we see that in the plans that they offer two funds , the rate of participation was 70 percent or more , not as high as they would like .
And in the plans that they offered about 60 funds , the rate of participation declined to the 60 percentile .
It turns out that even if you decide to participate , when there 's more options , even in that case , there 's negative consequences .
So , for those who decided to participate , the larger the number of choices , more people would be used to avoid actions or investment funds .
As much more options , they were more willing to invest in market financial market .
But none of these very extreme decisions are the ones that we 're going to do to optimize the well-being of future financial well-being .
In the previous decade , we 've seen three main negative consequences to offer more and more possibilities .
The most likely thing is that they make the decision , which is that we 're going to get it in against the self-interest of the interest .
It 's more likely to make the worst decisions , in finance and health .
They 're more likely to pick things less satisfying , even though they would n't go better .
The main reason is that we 've been able to look at that massive variety of <unk> , mustard , vinegar and remix , but we 're not able to do the calculations to compare , contrast and choosing that amazing show .
Today I want to propose to you four simple techniques that we 've tried , in a way or another , in different research , so they can test in their business .
The first is , <unk> .
You 've heard it before , but it 's never been true today , which is less .
People always bother when I say , `` <unk> . ''
They care about losing space in <unk> .
But actually what we 're looking at more and more is that if you decide to cut out , get rid of strange redundant options , there will be an increase in sales , <unk> costs , there will be a better experience in choice .
When <unk> & Gamble went from 26 different types of Head & Gamble to 15 , you saw a 10 percent increase in sales .
When the piano Golden II corporation eliminated the products of cats that less sold , they increased 87 percent profit , by two causes -- greater sales and smaller costs .
You know , supermarkets , on average , it 's about 45,000 products .
In a Walmart store , you have about 100,000 products .
But the largest store in the world today is <unk> , and it 's only 1,400 products -- a kind of tomato sauce .
In the world of financial savings , I think one of the best examples that have come up on how to handle the best choices is the James <unk> 's version of the Harvard show .
All the employees at Harvard are automatically impacting a safe fund fund .
They really want to choose , they 're offering 20 funds , not 300 or more .
You know , often people say , `` I do n't know how to cut .
They 're all important choices . ''
The first thing I do is ask employees , `` Tell me the differences that are among those options .
And if your employees can not tell the difference , they ca n't do their clients . ''
This afternoon , before I started this session , I was chatting with Gary .
He told me that he would be willing to offer people this audience on a vacation audience with all the most beautiful road in the world .
Here , a description .
I want you to read it .
I 'm going to leave a few seconds to read it , and then I want you to give you a applause if you 're ready to take the offer of Gary .
( Few applause ) Okay . Anyone who 's ready to accept the offer .
Are n't they ?
Well , I 'm going to show you something else .
You knew there was a trick .
Who 's ready for that journey ?
I think I really had to hear more hands .
All right .
Actually , you had more information on the first round , that in the second round , but I can tell you that the second time it was more real .
Because the images were made to be seen .
This brings me to the second technique to handle the problem of options .
For people to understand the differences between choices , they have to understand the consequences of each option , and that the consequences must feel very vivid , very concrete .
Why reason people spend 15 percent to 30 percent on average when they use debit cards or credit cards , which when they use cash ?
Because it does n't look like real money .
It turns out to make it look more real , it can be a very positive tool for people to save more .
We did a study with <unk> <unk> and <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> , who worked on <unk> , and these people were in a meeting where they were <unk> to a 401 plan .
At that meeting , we save exactly how it was used , we made a little addition to addition .
What we added was that we appeal to the staff that you would think about the positive things that we 're going to make in their lives if they were saving more money .
With this <unk> , there was an increased 20 percent affiliations and an increase in the number they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put on their savings accounts , four percent .
The third technique is <unk> .
We can handle more than options .
For example , this is a study we did in a magazine hallway .
We saw that in the supermarkets , <unk> 's throughout the northeast row , the magazine exhibition can be held from <unk> different types to <unk> .
But , you know ?
Because classification tells me how to tell them .
These are two jewelry exhibitions .
One is called `` <unk> , '' and the other , `` <unk> . ''
If you think that the one on the left is <unk> , and the one on the right is <unk> , you 'll shake .
( Few applause ) Well , there are some .
If you think that the one on the left is <unk> , and the one on the right is <unk> , you 'll shake .
Well , something else .
It turns out it 's right .
The one on the left is <unk> and on the right is <unk> , but , you know something ?
This <unk> scheme is totally useless .
The categories must indicate something that you choose , not as defines .
And you often see this problem with these massive funds .
I 'm supposed to be reporting to ?
My fourth category : <unk> complexity .
It turns out we can handle much more information than we think , if we just simplified it a little bit .
We have to increase complexity gradually .
I 'm going to show you an example of what I mean .
Let 's see a complicated thing ; the purchase of a car .
This is a German manufacturer of cars that allows us to completely completely fix .
You have to take 60 decisions , to build the car .
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that offers each one .
<unk> , <unk> . I have 56 possibilities .
Motor , box of changes , four options .
What I 'm going to do is change the order of making decisions .
So half of the clients are going to go from many choices , 56 colors , a few , four boxes .
The other half of the clients are going to go from a few choices , four boxes , 56 colors , many choices .
And what am I going to look at ?
What 's so involved .
If you 're always getting the default button in every decision , it indicates that they 're overwhelmed , or it 's : we 're losing it .
We found that the ones that go from many choices to a few , push the default button over and over and over again .
We lose them .
If you go from few choices to many , they continue there .
The same information , the same number of options .
The only thing I did was disrupt the order that information is presented .
If we start with the easy thing , you learn to pick .
Now , if you choose the box of changes , do n't say anything about the preferences of interior decoration , in all ways we 're making it for choice .
We 're excited about a product that we 're building now has more engaged with the process .
So to sum up .
I 've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of the choices of choice : <unk> , to eliminate strange alternatives -- <unk> , making it real , we can drive more categories with less choices ; we 'll build the complexity .
All of these techniques that I 've presented to you were designed to help manage alternatives , or better , for you , to use them in their issues , or for people who serve .
It 's that I think the key to getting the best of a choice is being careful by picking .
And the more careful the way we 're going to be able to practice the art of choice .
Thank you very much .
In the 1980s , in communist Eastern Germany , if you had a writing machine , I had <unk> to the government .
I had to register a text sheet of writing with the machine .
And so that the government could track the origin of the texts .
If they were written with the wrong message , you could actually track the footprint into the origin of the idea .
In the West , we do n't think somebody could do this , so much that this will give up the freedom of expression .
We would never do that in our countries .
But today , in 2011 , if you buy a laser printer from any big engineer and print a page , that page is going to end up having some yellow printed dots on every page that follows a pattern that makes them themselves and in your printer .
That 's happening today .
And nobody looks very much like this .
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us , citizens .
And it 's one of the three main causes of problems in the network .
If we see what happens in the online world , we can put together the attacks of their bombers .
There are three main groups .
There 's the cybercriminals .
Like Mr. Search <unk> from the city of Kiev , in Ukraine .
The cybercriminals 's mobile phone is very easy to understand .
These guys make money .
They use cyberattacks to make a lot of money , huge amounts .
There are really many cases of millionaires , <unk> , <unk> money with their attacks .
This is Vladimir <unk> , of <unk> , Estonia .
This is Alfred Gonzalez .
This is Stephen Watt .
This is <unk> <unk> .
These are Matthew Anderson : <unk> <unk> and etc. , etc .
These guys make their fortunes online , but they do it by illegal means by banking trojans to steal money from our bills when we buy online , or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we bought a living computer .
The secret service of America , two months ago , froze the Swiss account of this guy , Sam Jain , and this account had <unk> million dollars when it was frozen .
Mr. Jain is ticking ; you know her stop .
And I say that today is more likely than any of us are a victim of a crime for a real crime .
And it 's very obvious that this is going to be wrong .
In the future , most of those crimes are online .
The second group of bombers in importance that we observe today is not driven by the money .
There 's another thing that moves them , they motivate the protests , they motivate their opinions , they motivate them to make laughter .
groups like Anonymous have <unk> in the last 12 months occupying a prominent role in the online attacks .
Those are the three main bombers : criminals who do it for money , the <unk> as Anonymous that they do to protest and the last group are the national states that attack .
And then we see cases like <unk> .
That 's a good example of government attack against their own citizens .
<unk> is an <unk> authority , or actually , it was .
We took the collapse last fall because of a <unk> .
Let 's get the safety of the site and drop it <unk> .
Last week , I asked , at a meeting with the Dutch government representatives , I asked one of the leaders if they were likely to have death of people from the attack to <unk> .
And the answer to him was yes .
So how do people die from an attack ?
<unk> is an <unk> authority .
<unk> certified .
What do the certified serve ?
Well , you need if you have a website with <unk> , <unk> services , services like Gmail .
Except , you know , <unk> an <unk> authority .
And that was given <unk> .
And in the case of <unk> , exactly that happened .
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened , for example , in Egypt ?
Well , in Egypt , they elect the headquarters the Egyptian police headquarters in April of 2011 , and during the looting of the building , they found a lot of papers .
Among those papers was this folder called `` <unk> . ''
And within that folder , there were notes from a company based on Germany that had sold the Egyptian government to intercept the communications of citizens in the country .
They had sold this tool for 20,000 euros to the Egyptian government .
The company headquarters is right here .
So , Western governments provide tools to totalitarian governments to allow them to do this to their citizens .
But Western governments also do this to themselves .
For example , in Germany , just a couple of weeks ago , I found the <unk> <unk> , a <unk> using German government officials to investigate their own citizens .
If you 're suspicious in a criminal case , it 's pretty obvious that your phone is <unk> .
But today it goes beyond .
It <unk> the Internet connection .
<unk> even tools like <unk> <unk> to infect our computer with a <unk> to allow them to see all communication , and listen to the online arguments , to get our data .
When we think carefully about things like this the obvious answer should be , `` Well , it seems bad , but really does n't affect me because I 'm an honest citizen .
Why do n't you worry ?
I have nothing to hide . ''
And that argument does n't make sense .
It 's about privacy .
The privacy is no dispute .
It 's not a matter of privacy against security .
It 's about freedom against control .
If we could trust our governments today in 2011 , whatever you 're going to do today , whatever it is to be forever .
They were blindly obedient to any future government , in an administration that we could have within 50 years ?
These are the questions that you have worried about in the next 50 years .
This is where I live . I live in Kenya , in the south part of Nairobi National Park .
These are the cows of my dad , in the background , behind the cows , the National Park in Nairobi .
The National Park does n't have fences at most of the south , which means that wild animals like zebras migrate outside the park .
And predators , like lions , follow them , and this is what they do .
We put our livestock .
This is one of the ones that killed the night , and as soon as we got up in the morning and we found him dead , I felt very bad , because it was the only bull who we had .
My community , the <unk> , we think we came from the sky with our animals and all the land for <unk> , and that 's why we value them so much .
So I grew up to hate lions .
They died are warriors who protect our community and livestock , and they 're also upset with the problem .
So they kill lions .
This is one of the six lions that killed in Nairobi .
I think that 's why there are so few in Nairobi National Park .
A child in my community , from six to nine , is responsible for the livestock of his father and this was the same thing that was happening to me .
So I had to find a way to solve this problem .
My first idea was to use fire , because I thought the lions were afraid of lions .
But I realized that actually this did n't help , because I even helped male lions see the pen out of it .
I did n't give up . He went on .
A second idea was to use a <unk> .
She was trying to trick the lions so they believed that he was near the stable .
But lions are very smart . They came the first day and they saw the <unk> , and they were , but the second day , they came back and said , `` This thing does n't move , it 's always here . So he jumped and killed animals .
So one night I was walking around the pen with a torch , and that day the lions did n't come .
I found that lions are afraid of light that moves .
So I had an idea .
And I got a switch on it to turn the lights off .
And this is a small lamp of a rotates flashlight .
<unk> everything .
As you can see , the solar panel load your battery and battery electricity to the small <unk> box . I call it a transformational .
And the <unk> box makes the lighting lights .
As you can see , the <unk> are coming out , because that 's where lions come from .
And this is how lions see when they come from night .
The <unk> lights and <unk> the lions so you think I 'm walking around the stable , but I 'm sleeping in my bed .
Thank you .
So I put them in my house two years ago , and since then , we never got to have trouble with lions .
And our neighborhood houses heard the idea .
One is from this grandmother .
She had killed a lot of animals the lions and asked me if I could put the lights out .
I said yes .
I put them . You can see the bottom , these are the lights for lions .
Since then , I 've installed in seven houses in my community and they 're just serving a lot .
And my idea also is used for all Kenya , to scare me to other predators as hyenas , leopards , and it 's also being used to get away elephants from farms .
Thank you to this invention , I had the fortune to get a fellowship on one of the best schools in Kenya , <unk> International School , and I 'm very excited .
My new school now is helping to raise funds and <unk> .
It even led my friends to my community and we installed lights in the houses that they do n't have , and I 'll show you how to put them .
So a year ago , it was just a child in the grasslands of the savanna , <unk> my father 's cows , and he used to see planes fly , and I would say one day I would be inside one .
And today I am here .
I got the opportunity to come in plane for the first time to TED .
My great dream is to get to a aviation engineer and a pilot , when I grow up .
I used to hate lions , but now as my invention is saving the cows of my dad and lions , we can be with lions without any conflict .
<unk> <unk> . What in my tongue means , thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : You do n't imagine how exciting it is to listen to a story like you .
So you got a scholarship . Richard <unk> : Yes .
CA : You 're working on other electrical inventions .
What 's the next one on your list ?
<unk> : My next invention is -- I want to do an electric fence . CA : One fence ?
<unk> : I know the electrical fences had been invented , but I want to make mine .
CA : You know , I 've got it once , right ? And you -- I 've tried it before , but I stopped because I got a <unk> . CA : On the canyon foot . Richard <unk> , you 're a big thing .
We 're going to move it on every step you give , my friend .
Thank you very much . <unk> : Thank you very much .
When I was small , I thought my country was the best on the planet .
And I grew up singing a song called `` <unk> nothing . ''
And I felt very proud .
In school , we passed all the time studying the story of Kim <unk> , but we never learned much about the rest of the world , except for America , South Korea , Japan are the enemies .
Even though I was wondering about the rest of the world , I thought I 'd spent my entire life in North Korea , until everything suddenly changed .
When I was seven years old , I saw my first public execution .
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal .
My family was not poor and I was never hungry .
But one day , in 1995 , my mom brought home a letter from my sister 's colleague .
He said , `` When you 're going to do this , the five family members will stop there in this world , because we have n't eaten in the last two weeks .
We 're <unk> together on the floor , and our bodies are so weak , that we 're ready to die . ''
It was very altered .
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country .
At a little time , when I walked in front of the train station , I saw something terrible that I ca n't erase my memory .
A woman without life was dead on the street , holding a little boy in his arms looking at his mother 's face without being able to do anything .
Nobody helped them , because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families .
A huge famine climbed into North Korea in the middle of the '90s .
In the end , over a million North Koreans died during famine , just a few survived eating grass , insects and crust .
They also became more and more prevalent the energy cuts , all around me was completely dark at night except for the sea lights in China , just crossing the river from my home .
I always wondered why they had light and we do n't .
This is a satellite photograph of North Korea at night compared to the neighboring countries .
This is the <unk> River , which is <unk> between North Korea and China .
As you can see , the river can be very narrow at certain points , enabling North Koreans in secretly .
But many people die .
Sometimes I saw bodies floating on the river .
I ca n't reveal the details of how I got out of North Korea , but I can only say that during the years of famine , I was sent to China to live with distant relatives .
But I just thought I 'd be separated from my family for short time .
I could never have imagined that I would take 14 years back together .
In China , it was hard to live as a young woman without my family .
I had no idea what life would be like a refugee refugee .
But soon I learned that it 's not just extremely difficult , but dangerous , because the refugee refugees in China were considered illegal immigrants .
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed , and it would be <unk> to a horrible destination in North Korea .
One day , my worst nightmare was actually made , when I was arrested by the Chinese police , and I was arrested at the police station .
Somebody had been accused of being <unk> , and then I would give you my skills in the Chinese language , and they asked me many questions .
It was <unk> .
I thought my heart was going to explode .
If it did n't seem natural , it could be incarcerated and <unk> .
I thought my life was going to end .
But I managed to control my emotions and answered the questions .
At the end of the interrogation , a officer said to another , `` This was a fake report . She 's not <unk> . ''
And they left me . It was a miracle .
Some North Koreans in China are seeking asylum in America .
But many can be arrested by the Chinese police and <unk> .
These women were very lucky .
Although had had been captured , they were eventually released after a hard international pressure .
These North Koreans did n't get so lucky .
Every year , countless North Koreans are captured in China , and they 're going to feed North Korea , where they 're tortured , incarcerated or executed .
Although I was lucky to escape , a lot of other North Koreans have n't had so much luck .
It 's tragic that North Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard to survive .
And even after learning a new language , and finding work , everybody can sort of <unk> in a moment .
That 's why , after 10 years of hiding my identity , I decided to risk going to South Korea .
And I started a new life again .
<unk> in South Korea was a much greater challenge of what I expected .
English was very important in South Korea , I had to start learning my third language .
Also , I understood that there was a big gap between North and South .
We 're all Koreans , but within , we 've come to be very different because of 67 years of division .
It even went through an identity crisis .
Am I <unk> or <unk> ?
Where am I ? Who am I ?
Suddenly , there was no country I could call myself my pride .
Even though I went to life in South Korea , it was n't easy , I did a plan . I started studying for the working exam to university .
Just when I was starting to go back to my new life , I got an alarming call .
The North Korean authorities <unk> some money that sent my family , and , as punishment , my family was going to be displaced by the force to a certain position outside .
They had to flee immediately .
I started planning on how to help them escape .
North Koreans have to travel long distances on the way towards freedom .
It 's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea .
So ironically , I took a flight to China , and I went to the border with North Korea .
Because my family could not speak Chinese , I had to guide them , somehow , for more than three thousand miles through China and then across Southeast Asia .
The journey in <unk> took a week , and we were almost caught several times .
Once , our bus was stopped and tackled by a Chinese police officer .
He asked everybody else , and he started asking them questions .
As my family could not understand Chinese , I thought my family was going to be arrested .
When the Chinese officer came up to my family , I stood up and told me that they were <unk> people that I was accompanying .
I looked at me , but fortunately I did .
We did all the way to the border of kelp .
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe border guards in repetitive .
But even after spending the border , my family was arrested and incarcerated across the border illegally .
After paying tickets and bribes , my family was liberated in a month .
But in time , my family was arrested and incarcerated again in Tesla 's capital .
This was one of the lowest points in my life .
I did everything for my family , and we were so close , but my family was <unk> in prison at short of the South Korean embassy .
I was going and came between the immigration office and the police station , desperately trying to release my family .
But I did n't have enough money to pay more bribe or tickets .
I lost the hope .
At that moment , or the voice of a man wondering , `` What is the problem ? ''
I was so surprised that a stranger would mind asking .
With my poor English and a dictionary , I explained the situation , and without doubt , the man was the ATM and gave me the rest of the money for my family and for two two North Koreans and to take them out of prison .
I thank you with all my heart , and I asked her , `` Why do I help me ? ''
I 'm not helping , '' he said to me .
`` I 'm helping the people <unk> . ''
I realized that was a symbolic moment in my life .
The kind unknown , <unk> a new hope for me and for the people who we needed it .
And I showed that the kindness of strangers and the support of the international community are really the rays of hope that the <unk> people need .
Eventually , after our long journey , my family and I met in South Korea .
But to achieve their freedom is only half the battle .
A lot of North Koreans are separated from their families and when they were going to join a new country , they start with little or any money .
So , we can benefit from the international community with education , private language practices , work practices , and more .
We can also act as a bridge between people within North Korea and the rest of the world .
Because many of us are still in contact with family contact , and we send information and money that is helping to change North Korea from the inside .
I 've been very lucky , I 've gotten a lot of help and inspiration in my life , so I want to help North Koreans an opportunity to thrive with international support .
I 'm sure you 're going to see more and more North Koreans worldwide , including on the TED stage .
Thank you .
I live in South Asia .
This is South : <unk> stores , fast food , fast food , <unk> land .
So the city planners came together , and they thought , we 're going to change the name of South Center to represent something else , so they changed to Los Angeles , as if this is what it 's actually wrong in the city .
This is Los Angeles South Los Angeles , <unk> food , fast foods .
Just like <unk> million other Americans live in a food desert , Los Angeles Center , home for the food places to take and eat in the car .
The curious thing is that the food sites are killed to kill more people than food in the car .
People are dying of amenable to the South Central Angeles .
For example , the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times greater than , say , Beverly Hills , which is like 15 miles away .
I emphasize what this happens .
And I wonder , how would you feel if you did n't have access to healthy food , and if every time you get out of your house you see the effects that the current food system has in its neighborhood ?
I see the wheelchair bought and sold as they use .
I see dialysis centers like Starbucks .
And I think this must stop .
I think the problem is the solution .
Food is the problem , and it 's the solution .
I also got tired of driving 45 minutes back and forth to buy an apple that does n't have pesticides .
What I did , was planting a food forest in front of my house .
In a sliver of land we call a gardening .
It 's from 45 feet .
The point is , it belongs to the city .
But you have to keep it .
I said , `` Well , I can do what it comes in wins , because it 's my responsibility and I have to keep it . ''
That 's how I decided to keep it .
So my group and I , L.A. Green <unk> , we get together and we started planting our forest of food , <unk> trees , you know , nine full vegetables .
What we do , we are a kind of paid group in advance of all the backgrounds , all of the whole city and completely voluntary , and everything we do is free .
And the garden was beautiful .
Then someone complained .
And the city went on to me , and in short , they gave me a <unk> saying that I had to remove my garden , the <unk> was made order of court .
And I would say , `` Come on , right ?
A judicial order for planting food in a piece of land that nobody matters ? '' So I was like , `` Well , let 's go . ''
Because this time it was n't going to happen .
The L.A. Times had the written story by Steve <unk> , and I talked to the <unk> and one of the <unk> members , who put a petition to <unk> , with 900 firms , was successful .
We had the victory in our hands .
My <unk> even called to say that we 're going to be able to say that we were doing , and they loved what we were doing .
I mean , we go , why do n't it ?
L.A. is the city of America with more <unk> land .
It has 68 miles of <unk> land .
That 's by 20 Central Mountain Parks .
That 's enough space to plant <unk> million tomato plants .
Why the hell do n't you like this ?
Let 's give a thousand , 10,000 seeds .
When a dollar of <unk> will give you 75 dollars of a result .
It 's my hymn , when I tell people , cultivate your own food .
<unk> your own food is like printing your own money .
You see , I have a legacy for South Center .
I grew up there . Let my children there .
I 'm going to be part of this <unk> reality that was <unk> for me for others , and I 'm going to manufacture my own reality .
You see , I 'm an artist .
<unk> is my graffiti , I culture my art .
Such as an artist of graffiti , which <unk> walls , I would <unk> soils , <unk> .
I use the garden , the land , as a piece of canvas , and the plants and the trees , are my <unk> of that canvas .
You 'd be surprised to see what the earth can do , if you stop your canvas .
You just ca n't imagine how amazing it is a sunflower and how it affects people .
What happened ?
I 'm a witness of how my garden became an education tool , a transformation of my neighborhood .
To change the community , you have to change the composition of the land .
We are the land .
You 'd be surprised to see how it affects kids .
<unk> is the most therapeutic and provocative act that you can do , especially in a <unk> .
Also , you get strawberries .
I remember one occasion , that came a mother and her daughter , they were like Claes overnight , and they were in my garden , and they got a lot of <unk> .
I , well , man , I felt bad that they were there , and I said , you know , you do n't have to do this .
This is on the street for a reason .
I felt shame by seeing people who was so close to me with hunger , and this just reinforces why I do this , people ask me , `` End , do n't temes be people going to steal your food ? ''
I say , `` For God no , I 'm not afraid to go to steal . ''
That 's on the street .
That 's what it 's about .
I want you to take it , but at the same time , I want you to raise your health . ''
There was another time that I put a garden in a <unk> shelter in the middle of Los Angeles .
They were these guys , who helped me download the truck .
It was fabulous , they shared their stories about how this had affected them and how they used to plant their mom and their grandmother , and it was great to see how this changed , so just for a moment .
So , you know , Green <unk> has come to plant maybe 20 gardens .
We 've had , like 50 people coming , work and participate , all on voluntary plan .
If kids are growing up in , the guys will eat <unk> .
If you grow tomatoes , you eat tomatoes , but if none of this is taught , if you do n't teach them how the food affects the minds and the body , they eat blind what you put in front of them .
I see young people who want to work , but they have this thing where they 're caught . I see color boys on this path designed for them , that it does n't bring them nowhere .
With gardening , I see an opportunity where we can train these kids who are <unk> from their communities to have sustainable life .
And when we do this , who knows ?
Maybe you produce the next George Washington <unk> .
But if we do n't change the composition of land , we will never .
Now this is one of my plans , this is something I want to do .
I want to plant a whole block of gardens , where people can share food on the same block .
I want to take containers and turn them into healthy coffee .
Do n't get me wrong .
I 'm not talking about free things , because free is not sustainable .
The curious thing about sustainability is that you have to <unk> .
What I 'm talking about is to put people out of the street , pull the kids out of the street , who know the joy , the pride and honor to grow their own food , opening up farmers ' markets .
What I want to do here , we have to do it sexy .
I want everybody to become <unk> <unk> , <unk> , gardeners <unk> .
We have to change the script of what a <unk> is .
If you 're not a gardener , you 're not a <unk> .
You know , you know , you know , you 'll take them to take your shovel off .
That 's their weapon of choice .
In sum , if you want to meet with me , well , if you want to see me , I 'm not called comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about doing some shit -- to talk about doing some shit .
If you want to see me , come to the garden with your backhoe so that we can plant something .
Peace . Thank you .
Thank you .
( <unk> sound ) ( <unk> of microwave , '' probably everybody will agree with me where this is a very nice road .
It 's made out of asphalt , and the asphalt is a good material to drive , but not always , especially in days like today , where it rains a lot .
You can have a huge amount of water on asphalt that comes up .
And especially if they 're going on on your bicycle and these automobiles , that 's not very nice .
Also , asphalt can make a lot of noise .
It 's a noisy material , and if we build roads , like in the Netherlands , very close to cities , we would want a silent road .
The solution for that is to make roads of porous asphalt .
The porous asphalt , a material that we use now at most of the roads of the Netherlands , has pores and water can go through it , so all the water water flow upward and you 'll have a road where it 's easy to drive , and you do n't lose water .
Noise goes into these pores .
Because it 's very hollow , all the noise disappear , so it 's a very silent road .
It also has a disadvantages , of course , and the downside of this road is that you can undo .
What is it to get rid of ? Look at this road , the stones on the surface go out .
First of a rock , then several more and more and more and so forth , and then -- well -- well , I 'm not going to do that . But you can harm your windscreen , and you ca n't be happy with that .
And finally , this can also lead to more and more damage .
Sometimes you can make bumps with that .
Ah , it 's ready .
<unk> , of course , that you can become a problem , but we have a solution .
So here you can actually see how the damage comes out in this material .
It 's a porous asphalt , like I said , so it only has a little bit of <unk> between the stones .
Because of the elements , the ultraviolet light , the ultraviolet light , to oxidation , this <unk> , the glue between the <unk> , the glue between <unk> , and if you <unk> it , they 'll be <unk> and <unk> out of <unk> .
So , if you drive the road , you 'll go to <unk> -- as we saw it here .
To solve this problem , we think about <unk> materials .
If we can make this material <unk> , then we probably have a solution .
So what we can do is we can use steel wool , that to clean up <unk> , and we can cut the steel off of very small chunks , and we can mix those little pieces with the <unk> .
So we have asphalt with little pieces of steel wool in it .
Then you need a machine , as you see here , that you 're using to cook -- a induction machine .
The induction can heat , especially steel , it 's very good at that .
So what you 've got to do is we 're going to heat the steel , melt the <unk> , the <unk> flow of these <unk> and the stones will get back to the surface .
Today I used a microwave oven , because I ca n't bring the big machine induction here onstage .
The microwave oven is a similar system .
I put the sample now , which I 'm going to take to see what happened .
This is the sample that comes out right now .
I said we have this industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples .
We tested a lot of samples there and then the government , really saw our results , and they thought , `` Well , that 's really interesting . We 've got to try . ''
So he gave us a piece of road , and they gave us a piece of road , 400 meters of the <unk> highway , where we had to make a lane of trial to test this material .
So that 's what we did there . You see where we were doing the road test , and then , of course , this road will last several years without any damage . That 's what we know about practice .
We took a lot of samples from this road and test them in the lab .
We did age the samples , we put a lot of charge on them , and then we put it together with our induction machine and the challenges , and we went back to test .
We can repeat this many times .
Well , to conclude , I can say that we 've made a material using steel fibers , bringing these fibers together , using the energy of induction for , actually , increase the life of the road surface , you can even double the life of the surface . It 's actually saving a lot of money with very simple tricks .
And now , of course , you 're curious about whether this worked .
We still have the sample here . It 's pretty hot .
Actually , you have to cool first before I can show you how repair action .
But I 'm going to do an attempt .
Let 's see . Yes , it worked .
Thank you .
When I was 11 years old , I remember having woken up a morning with the sound of the <unk> in my house .
My father was listening to News in his little gray radio .
He had a big smile in his face that was unusual at those times , because the news is generally <unk> .
`` The Taliban went down ! '' `` The Taliban .
I did n't know what it meant , but I could see my father was very , very happy .
`` You can go to a real school , '' he told me .
One morning I 'll never forget .
A real school .
You see , I was six years old when the Taliban who was <unk> from Afghanistan and they made illegal girls to go to school .
For the next five years , I was struck as a child to <unk> my older sister , who could no longer be alone outside , to go to a secret school .
It was the only way the two we could be educated .
Every day , we took a different route so that no one could be suspicious where we were going .
We had to hide the books in market bags so that we were shopping .
The school was in a house , over 100 of us stuffed in a small room .
It was nice in the winter , but extremely hot in summer .
We all knew that we had our lives , the teacher , the students and our parents .
Occasionally , school closed a week , because the suspect Taliban .
We always wondered what they knew of us .
Are they following us ?
Did you know where we lived ?
We were <unk> , but still , school was where we want to be .
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was <unk> and the daughters a treasure .
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time .
A total <unk> of Afghanistan 's remote province of Afghanistan , <unk> in that his daughter , my mother , outside of the school , and so his father would be paralyzed .
But my educated mother became a teacher .
This is her .
He retired two years ago , just to turn our home into school for girls and women in our neighborhood .
And my father , this is , was the first of his family in getting education .
There was no doubt that their children had to receive education , even their daughters , despite the Taliban , despite the risks .
For him , there was a greater risk in not to educate her children .
Over the years of the Taliban , I remember there were times when I was very frustrated by our life , and I was always scared and I did n't see a future .
I wanted to quit , but my father said , `` <unk> , my daughter , you can lose everything you have in life .
You can steal your money . You can force you to leave your house during a war .
But there 's one thing that will always be with you , what 's here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education , we 'll do it .
So , do you still want to go on ? ''
Today , I 'm 22 .
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war .
Less than six percent of women 's women have more than the high school , and if my family had n't been so committed to my education , I would be one of them .
Instead , I find myself proud to graduate at <unk> College .
When I returned to Afghanistan , my grandfather , which was <unk> from his home for the courage to educate his daughters , was one of the first to congratulate me .
He 's not just <unk> of my college degree , but also that I was the first woman , and I 'm the first woman , I 'm driving it on the streets of Kabul .
My family believes in me .
I 'm a big dream , but my family has even bigger dreams for <unk> .
That 's why I 'm the global ambassador of <unk> , a global campaign to educate women .
It 's why I cofounded <unk> , the first and maybe the only private school for girls in Afghanistan , a country where it 's still risky for girls to go to school .
The exciting thing is that I see students in my school with the strong desire to harness the opportunity .
And I see their parents and their families that , like mine , <unk> for them , despite and still in front of a daunting opposition .
Like Ahmed . It 's not his real name , and I ca n't show you his face , but Ahmed is the father of one of my students .
Less than a month less than a month ago , he and his daughter were going from <unk> to her village , and literally , he escaped was escaped to be killed by a bomb on the way , for minutes .
When you get to his house , they 're the phone , a voice he figured out that if I was sending her daughter to school , they would go back to me .
`` <unk> already , if you want , '' he said , `` But not harm the future of my daughter for old and <unk> ideas . ''
What I 've realized in Afghanistan , and it 's something that 's often forgotten in the West , is that behind most of those who <unk> , there 's a father who recognized the value of his daughter , and he sees that the success of her own success .
It does n't mean that our mothers have not been key to our success .
In fact , it 's often the first compelling <unk> of their daughters , but in the context of a society like Afghanistan , we need the support of men .
Under the Taliban , the girls who went to school have been counted in hundreds -- remember , it was illegal .
But today , more than three million girls go to school in Afghanistan .
Afghanistan is so different from here in America .
I find that Americans see the fragility of the changes .
I 'm afraid these changes did n't last a lot , after the retirement of the U.S. troops .
But when I go back to Afghanistan , when I look at students in my school and their parents who are encouraged by them , that the encouraged , I see a future <unk> and a lasting change .
For me , Afghanistan is a country of hope and possibilities , and every day the girls ' girls remember me .
Like me , they dream big .
Thank you .
Never , I 've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in exile : `` <unk> , resists Gaddafi . <unk> against him .
But you will never go back a revolutionary revolutionary style . ''
They 've spent almost two years since the <unk> revolution was inspired by the surge of mass <unk> as much as the Egyptian revolution .
A forces with many other citizens , <unk> , inside and outside of the country to call one day of anger and starting a revolution against the <unk> regime of Gaddafi .
And we did it ; it was a big revolution .
Women and young men , they were at the forefront of the regime , pushing the fall of the regime , carrying billboards of freedom , dignity and social justice .
You 've shown a courage to deal with the brutal dictatorship of Gaddafi .
They 've shown a great sense of solidarity from the Far East , to the west , to the south .
Finally , after a period of six months of brutal war and a few losses from about 50,000 dead , we managed to release our country and overthrowing our tyrant .
However , Gaddafi left a heavy load , a legacy of tyranny , corruption and seeds of disruption .
For four decades , the <unk> regime of Gaddafi destroyed the infrastructure , the culture and the moral structure of society .
Be aware of the devastation and the challenges , I 've wanted to , along with a lot of other women , reconstruct <unk> civil society , pushing a inclusive transition to democracy and national reconciliation .
There were about 200 organizations in <unk> during it , and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi . About 300 to <unk> .
After a period of 33 years of exile , I went back to Libya and with a single enthusiasm , I started organizing workshops about developing skills and leadership skills .
With an incredible group of women , we started the spotlight for Women 's Women <unk> , a movement of women , leaders , very diverse orientation , to advocate for the <unk> autonomy of the woman and the right of participation equal to the construction of democracy and peace .
I found myself a very difficult environment in the <unk> period -- an environment that was increasingly <unk> , which is <unk> of selfish policies of domination and exclusion .
Over time , our initiative was approved and successful .
Women won a <unk> percent of the National Congress in the first election in 52 years .
However , little up , the exhilaration of elections and revolution like a whole , they were disappearing ; every day , we were all in the news of violence .
One day we woke up with the news of the former mosques of mosques and Sufi graves .
Another day <unk> the American ambassador of the American ambassador and the attack on <unk> .
Another day we woke up with the news of the U.S. official officers .
And every day , every day , we woke up with the government 's government , and their grave violations of human rights for prisoners and their lack of respect of law .
Our society , made up of a revolutionary mindset , become more , and it 's away from the ideals and principles of freedom , dignity , social justice , that we had at the beginning .
intolerance , exclusion , <unk> became the cones of the consequences of the revolution .
I 'm not here at all today to inspire them with our history of the <unk> list and the election .
Rather , I 'm here today to confess that we , as a nation , chose to do the wrong choice .
We do n't prioritize well .
Because elections did n't have peace , stability and security to Libya .
The <unk> list and the <unk> between candidates and candidate reconciliation ?
No , they did n't .
What happened then ?
Why is our society on polarized and dominated with selfish policies of domination and exclusion , both by men as women ?
Maybe what was missing was n't just women , but the female values of compassion and mercy and inclusion .
Our society needs the national dialogue and the creation of consensus more than I needed the choices , which only provided polarization and division .
Our nation needs the qualitative representation of the females more than going to need the numerical and quantitative performance of it .
We need to stop acting like outrage agents and call days of anger .
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mercy .
We need to develop a female speech , which is not just <unk> , but it also puts mercy , rather than vengeance , the collaboration instead of competition , inclusion rather than exclusion .
These are the ideals that an Libya , disappeared by the war , desperately needs the end of reaching peace .
Because peace has a alchemy that comes to <unk> and <unk> between female perspectives and male 's perspectives .
That 's the real <unk> .
We need to establish that in a existential way before we do it differently .
According to a <unk> of the Koran <unk> -- peace -- `` It 's the word of God merciful , [ <unk> , compassionate . ''
At the same time , the word `` <unk> , '' which is known for all of the <unk> traditions , has the same root in Arabic that the word `` <unk> '' -- uterus -- <unk> the feminine and motherly word that spans all of the humanity of men and women , that all tribes and all the villages have <unk> .
And so , as the uterus covers completely the embryo , growing inside , the divine matrix of compassion is giving all the existence .
It 's like , `` My mercy is concerned . ''
It 's like , `` My mercy is prevalent about my anger . ''
That everybody was interested in the grace of mercy .
Thank you .
I 'm here today to talk to you about a disturbing question , which has an equally unsettling response .
It 's about the secrets of domestic violence , and the question I 'm going to address is the one that everybody 's doing always : Why is she left ?
Why was anyone going to stay with a man who sticks it ?
I 'm not a psychiatrist , no social worker , no domestic violence expert .
I 'm just a woman with a story to tell .
I was 22 years old . I had just been at Harvard University .
I had moved to New York for my first job as a writer and editor in <unk> magazine .
I had my first apartment , my first green Express green Express , and he had a very big secret .
My secret was that many , many times , the man , who I believed my twin soul , was going to head with a gun , <unk> with <unk> bullets .
The man , I loved more than anyone in this world , put a gun in my head and threatened to kill me more times than I can remember .
I 'm here to tell you the story of `` crazy love '' , a psychological trap , in love , where they fall every year of women , and even some men .
Until it could be his story .
I do n't look like a typical survivor of domestic violence .
I 'm <unk> at Harvard University and I have an MBA in <unk> Business School .
I 've spent most of my career working for companies on the `` Fortune 500 , '' between those Johnson & Johnson , Leo <unk> and The Washington Post .
I 've been married about 20 years married my second husband and we have three children .
My dog is a black <unk> and I 'm driving a <unk> <unk> Odyssey .
So my first message to you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone , all race , all of the race , all of our religions , all income levels and education .
It 's everywhere .
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women , which is a problem of women .
Not exactly .
More than 85 percent of them are men , and the domestic abuse only happens in intimate , interdependent and long duration , or said otherwise , in families , the last place where we would want or expect to find violence , which is why the domestic abuse is so puzzling .
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world who would stick with a man who sticks it , and I was actually a very typical victim because of my age .
I was 22 , and in the United States , the women in between 16 and 24 years of age have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence that the ages , and over 500 women and girls at that age are killed every year by couples , dating and abusive in the United States .
I was also a typical victim because I did n't know anything about domestic violence , their warning signals or their patterns .
I met <unk> in a cold and rainy night in January .
I was sitting next to me in New York City and started <unk> with me .
He told me two things .
The first one was that he had had just taken away from a University of Ivy League , and he was working on a very important bank of Wall Street .
But what struck me most in that first encounter was that it was ready and fun , and that seemed like a field guy .
He had a lot of big apples like apples and a wheat hair , and it seemed so sweet .
One of the smartest things that made <unk> , from the beginning , was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the partner .
He did it about everything at the beginning of <unk> on a pedestal .
We started out and loved everything from me : that I had gone to Harvard , who had been a passion in helping teenage girls , and my job .
I wanted to know everything about my family , my childhood , my dreams and illusions .
<unk> believed in me , as a writer and as a woman , as no one had ever done .
And it was because of that <unk> school and work on Wall Street and his brilliant future had so much important for him .
I did n't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is seduced and <unk> the victim .
And I did n't know that the second step is <unk> .
Now , the last thing I wanted to do was I 'm going to go from New York and leave my dreams of my dreams , but I thought I had to make a sacrifices for your partner , so he accepted , I left my job and <unk> and I went together together .
I had no idea that I was falling in a crazy love , which was entering head on a physical , financial trap and carefully psychological trap .
The next step in the pattern of domestic violence is to introduce the threat of violence to see how she reacts .
And here 's where they come in .
As soon as we moved to New England , you know , that site where I was supposed to be able to feel so safe to buy three guns .
One was in the <unk> of the car .
Another he kept it underneath the pillow in our bed and the third always in his pocket .
And he said that I needed those guns because of the trauma that I lived from small .
I needed them to feel safe .
But those guns were actually a message for me and , although I had never raised me my hand , my life was already serious , every minute of every day .
The first physical attack of <unk> happened five days before our wedding .
They were seven in the morning , and I still had the <unk> .
Five days later , when the 10 bruises of my neck had disappeared , I put my mother 's wetsuit , and I married him .
Despite what had happened , I was sure we were living happily forever , because I loved it , and he also wanted me a lot .
And I was very , very privileged .
There was just a very overwhelmed sense of the wedding , and by the fact of a family with me .
I had been an isolated accident , and I never would hurt me .
I spent twice in our moon of honey .
The first time I was driving to a secret beach , and I lost me , and he gave me so hard in my head that <unk> several times against the window window .
And then , a couple of days later , driving back from our honey moon , went into the traffic and threw a Big Mac cold to the face .
<unk> were still going on a week or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage .
I was struck by when I thought it was the only one in this situation .
One of three American women are the victim of domestic violence or bullying at some point in their life , and the Centers for Disease Control reports that every year 15 million children are abused , 15 million .
So , actually , I had very good company .
Going back to my question : Why did I stay ?
The answer is simple .
He did n't know he was abusing me .
On the contrary , I was a very strong woman , in love with a profoundly <unk> man , and was the only person in the world that could help <unk> their devils .
The other question that everybody is doing is : Why do n't you go ?
Why did n't I go ? I could have gone at any time .
For me , this is the saddest and painful question that people , because we , the victims , we know something that normally you ignore : it 's incredibly dangerous to abandon a <unk> .
Because the last phase in the pattern of domestic violence is to kill her .
More than 70 percent of our domestic violence cases occur after the victim in the end of the victim , after getting out , because then the <unk> has nothing to lose .
Other repercussions include permanent harassment , even after the <unk> has become married , financial resources , and manipulation of the family justice system to <unk> the victim and their children , who are usually forced by judges to spend time with the man to spend time with the man who <unk> his mother .
And we still keep asking why it 's just not going ?
I was able to go , because of one last scratch beat up that beat my denial .
I realized that the man who loved so much , would have killed me if it was allowed to .
So I broke silence .
I told everybody , to the police , to my neighbors , my friends and family , full strangers , and I 'm here today because you all helped me .
We have the tendency to <unk> the victims as spooky headlines , women are <unk> , damaged goods .
The question , `` Why is it left ? ''
For some people , it 's a way to say `` guilt is yours to stay , '' as if the victims are going to fall in love with men who want to destroy us .
But since I published `` Le Love , '' I 've heard the hundreds of stories of men and women who also escaped , who learned a lesson from what happened to them , and who will give them their lives joyful and happy , and they 're educated , wives and mothers , completely free lives of violence , like mine .
Because it turns out that I 'm actually a victim and a very typical domestic violence survivor .
I became married with a man cute and kind , and we have these three children .
I have that black hole and also that <unk> .
What I 'm not going to go back to , ever , is a delicate gun pointing to my head in someone who says it wants to me .
Right now , you 're just thinking , `` <unk> , that 's fascinating ! '' or `` <unk> , what stupid it was , but all this time I 've been talking about you .
I assure you that there are a few people who are listening to me right now , who are being abused , or they 're being abused or they were small or they 're <unk> themselves .
<unk> might be affecting their daughter , their sister , their best friend of mine right now .
I was able to end my crazy particular love breaking the silence .
And I keep doing this today .
It 's my way to help other victims , and it 's my final request towards you .
Talk about what you 've heard here .
<unk> will thrive in silence .
They have the power to end domestic violence just simply shedding light on it .
The victims we need everybody .
We need each of you understand the secrets of domestic violence .
Take the abuse of the light talking about it with their children , their coworkers , their friends and family .
They brought out their vision of survivors as a fantastic and lovely people who have a full future .
We would take the early signs of violence to intervene consciously , to slow down their climb and show the victims of the safe output .
Together , we can turn our beds , our messiah and our families in the oasis of safe and peaceful them .
Thank you .
Hello . My name is Cameron Russell , and for a while , I 'm a model .
To be precise , it 's for 10 years .
And I feel that right now , there 's an awkward tension in the room because I should n't have a dress , so luckily , I brought clothes to change .
This is the first change of clothes on a TED stage ; so you 're very lucky , I think .
If some of the women were horrified when some of the women were horrified when they come up , they do n't have to do it now , but I 'll find it later on Twitter .
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think about me in just 10 seconds .
Not everybody has that opportunity .
These heels are very uncomfortable -- less bad than I do n't have to use them .
The worst part is to go through this sweater by the head , because it 's when you 're going to laugh at me , so you do n't do anything while I cover my head .
All right .
Why have I done this ?
It 's been embarrassing .
Well , I hope not as much as this picture .
The appearance is powerful , but also shallow .
I 've totally changed what they thought about me in six seconds .
And in this picture , I had never had a boyfriend in real life .
I was totally uncomfortable , and the photographer told me that I would take my back and get the hair on the kid .
Of course , with surgery , or an artificial <unk> , like the one that I made me two days ago for work , there 's very little we can do to transform our appearance , which , although shallow and unchanging , has a huge impact on our lives .
So today , to me , be courageous , means to be honest .
I 'm on this stage because I 'm a model .
Because I 'm a nice and white woman , and in my workforce , that 's being a sexy girl .
I 'm going to answer the questions that people always do , but really sincere about it .
The first question is , how is it going to be model ?
And I always say , `` One <unk> <unk> was discovered , but that does n't mean anything .
The real reason that I made a model is because I won the genetic lottery , and I 'm the likelihood of a heritage , and maybe you 're wondering what this heritage is .
Well , in the last centuries , we have n't only defined beauty as health , youth and symmetry , which we 're biologically programmed to admire , we 've also associated with a high and <unk> figure , to womanhood and a white skin .
And that 's my heritage , heritage that I 've known to harness to make money .
And I know there are people in the audience that now shows you skeptical , and maybe there are some <unk> <unk> who say -- Hold on . There are Naomi , <unk> , Joan <unk> , Liu Wen .
First of all , we 're going to get them to know so much about models . It 's amazing .
But unfortunately , I have to report that in 2007 , a Ph.D. student at the University of New York , I told all of us and each of the models on the runway , and from the hired models , only 27 , is to say , less than four percent , were n't white .
The next question that people always ask me is to be a model when it 's bigger ?
And my first answer is : I do n't know , I do n't care about that .
But then , what I would tell each one of these girls is : Why ? You can be whatever you want .
You can be president of the United States , or the inventor of the next Internet , or a <unk> <unk> , which would be awesome , because you 're the first one .
If after this spectacular list , they still insist , no , no , no , no , I want to be a model , then I 'm saying , `` I know my boss .
Because I 'm not in charge of anything , and you could be the master 's boss of American magazine or the H & M director , or the next Steven <unk> .
To say that the bigger you want to be a model is like to say you want to win the lottery when you 're older .
It 's out of your control , it 's amazing , and it 's not a job that you can choose .
I 'm going to show you all that I learned in 10 years as a model , as opposed to <unk> surgery , can be summed up right now .
I do n't know what happened there .
Unfortunately , once you 've done your studies , and you have a rsum , and you have a rsum , and a bunch of jobs on your backs , no matter what you say , if you say you want to be President of the United States , but your rsum would say : Model of underwear for 10 years , people look weird .
The next question that people always ask me is if all the photos would be done .
And yes , you 'd pretty much get all the pictures , but that 's just a small part of what happens .
This was the first picture that I was taken , and also the first time I used a bikini , and I did n't even have yet my period .
I know we 're entering the personal field , but it was a girl .
And so I looked next to my grandmother a few months before .
These two pictures are the same day .
My friend came up with me .
Here I am in a pajama party a few days before the photos for French <unk> .
Here I am with my football team and in the V magazine .
And this is me today .
And I hope you realize that I 'm not in those pictures .
They 're creations of a group of professionals , <unk> , <unk> , photographers and <unk> , and all of their <unk> and <unk> people , and they get to create this . That 's not me .
Well , the next question that people always ask me is : Are you going to make things free ?
I have too many three inches tall and I never use , except for the previous couple , but the privilege I get are the ones I get in real life , and that we do n't like to speak .
I grew up at Cambridge , and I went to a shop and I forgot to take money , and they gave me the free dress .
When I was a teenager , I was traveling with my friend who was a bad driver ; he jumped down a red light , and , of course , we stood up , and it took a sense of it , agent in order to keep driving .
I love of these privilege for me , not because of what I am , and there are people who are paying for a price for their appearance regardless of who they are .
I live in New York , and last year , of the teenagers who stood up to them and recorded , 86 percent were black and Latino , and most of them were young men .
And there are only young black young people in New York , so for them , it 's not a question of <unk> ?
It 's how many times I 'm going to get married ? And when ?
By looking at this talk , I found out that by 53 percent of girls 's girls in the United States do n't like their body , and that figure goes up to 78 percent to 17 .
So the last question that people ask me is : How is life from a model ?
And I think the answer is : If you 're a little thinner , you have the brightest hair , you 'll feel very happy and beautiful .
And behind the cameras , we give an answer that maybe this looks like this .
We say , it 's really wonderful to travel , and also incredible power to work with creative and clever , passionate people .
And that 's true , but it 's just one part of what happens , because what we never say in front of the cameras , which I 've never said in front of them , is : I 'm insecure .
And I am because I have to worry about me every day .
And if you 're ever asked : With some thinner legs and hair , you 'll be happier ?
They just have to meet with a group of models , because they have the thinner legs , the brightest hair and the other clothes , but they probably are the most insecure women on the planet .
But especially it was hard to analyze a situation of racial and gender oppression when I am one of the biggest <unk> .
If there 's something to retain from this talk , I hope that they 're all more comfortable by recognizing the power of the image in the perception that we have about success and failure .
Thank you .
Photography has been my passion since it was more enough to support a camera , but today I want to share with you , my 15 more precious pictures , and I was n't who got them .
There was no artistic directors , no <unk> , no opportunity to repeat the photos , not even a minimal care of the lighting .
In fact , most of them took them random tourists .
My story begins when , <unk> in New York City , to give a lecture , my wife took me this picture holding my daughter on the day of his first birthday . That 's the corner of 57 and five .
He happened that we came back to New York just a year later , so we decided to get the same picture .
Well , you can imagine what comes now .
When the third birthday of my daughter said to me , my wife said to me , `` Why do n't you get to <unk> to New York City on a <unk> journey and stick the ritual ? ''
Here it is when we started asking for the tourists that were going to get to us .
It 's amazing that the gesture of delivering the camera to a complete stranger is so universal .
No one has never been denied and , fortunately , no one has ever been charged with the camera .
So we were n't aware of how much we were going to change this journey .
It became something sacred for us .
This picture is a few weeks after the <unk> , and I had to explain to my daughter , what had happened that day , that a five-year-old girl could understand .
These pictures are much more than some concrete moment or a specific journey .
They 're also a way of stopping time on a week of October , and to think about our time and our evolution over the years , not just at the physical level , but in all the senses .
Because , although we always take the same picture , our perspective changes , my daughter reaches new milestones , and I can see life through your eyes and how it feels and interact with everything .
That particular time we spend together is something that we hope for illusion all the year .
Recently , on one of the trips we were walking , we were walking around , when suddenly , it stopped the dry and pointed a red <unk> in the store that I loved little on the previous page .
And he described to me what had felt at the age of five in that same place .
<unk> that he remembered his heart <unk> by the first time , nine years ago .
And now what you look in New York is universities , because I 'm determined to study in New York .
And I suddenly understood that one of the most important things we create are the memories .
So , I want to share the idea of being active in the conscious creation of memories .
I do n't know you , but besides these 15 pictures , I do n't go out in many of the family photos .
I 'm always the one that takes the picture .
I want to encourage you all to come up in the picture , and you did n't try and zoom in to someone and ask them , `` Do you take a picture ? ''
Thank you .
I want to talk to you about a very special group of animals .
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world .
The rabbits are in the <unk> birds .
First of all , why do they have so bad press ?
It 's also been associated with Disney laughter , as <unk> , stupid , stupid , stupid characters .
More recently , if you 've been following the press of the press , laughter , applause and <unk> , these are the attributes that associate with Kenyan Parliament , but I do n't accept it .
I do n't accept it . You know why ?
Because the members of Parliament do n't keep the environment clean . <unk> do n't help prevent the spread of disease .
They 're hardly monogamous . They 're far from extinct . And , my favorite , rabbits have better presence . There are two types of rabbits on this planet .
There 's the rabbits of the New World who are mainly in the Americas , like <unk> and <unk> , and the sunshine of the World 's sunshine , where we have 16 species -- from these 16 , 11 people face a high-risk risk .
So , why are Ivan important ? First of all , they provide vital ecological services .
They 're our great natural garbage .
<unk> the bodies to the bone .
They help kill all the bacteria . They help absorb anthrax that would not be caused by them , and caused by large losses of livestock and diseases in other animals .
Recent studies have shown that in the areas where there 's no rabbits , the bodies take three to four times more time in broken , and this has huge branches in the spread of disease .
The rabbits also have a huge historical importance .
They 've been associated with the old Egyptian culture .
<unk> was the symbol of the protective and the motherhood and , along with the king cobra , <unk> the unit between the U.N. and below Egypt .
In the Indian mythology , <unk> was the god <unk> , and risked his life to save the god 's <unk> goddess of the <unk> devil .
In <unk> culture , they 're doing very important burials to open sky , and in places like Tibet , there 's no place to bury the dead , or wood to <unk> , so these rabbits provide a natural disposal system .
What 's the problem with honeybees ?
We have eight species of rabbits in Kenya , from which six are endangered endangered .
The reason is that they 're being poisoned , and the reason they 're being poisoned is because there 's conflict between humans and wildlife , <unk> communities use this venom against predators , and as a consequence , rabbits are victims of this .
In South Asia , in countries like India and Pakistan , four species of rabbits are on the critical list of extinction , which means that in less than 10 or 15 years ago , and the reason is because they fall off of the livestock consumption that has been treated with a drug <unk> like <unk> .
This drug has been banned to wear veterinarian in India , and they 've taken a position .
Since there 's no rabbits , there 's been a spread in the number of dogs on the street in landfills , and when you have the street dogs , you have a huge time bomb , and the number of cases of anger has increased enormously in India .
Kenya is going to have one of the biggest wind farms in Africa : <unk> <unk> are going to be up from the Turkana Lake .
I 'm not against wind energy , but we have to work with governments , because the wind turbines do this to the birds . They cut them in half .
They 're <unk> .
In Western Africa , there 's a horrible trading of rabbits to serve the <unk> and the <unk> market .
So what is it doing ? Well , we 're looking at these birds . We 're <unk> transmitters .
We 're trying to determine their basic ecology , and see where they go .
We can see that they travel through different countries , so focus on a locally problem is not going to do anything .
We have to work with governments in regional levels .
We 're working with local communities .
We 're talking to them about appreciating the rabbits , about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and the services that they provide .
How can you help ? It can become active , making noise . You can write a letter to your government and tell you , we have to focus on these very <unk> creatures . They 'll get their time to spread the word . Let 's get the word .
When you go out of this room , you 'll tell you about rabbits , but talk to their families , with their children , with their neighbors on their own .
They 're very elegant . Charles Darwin said that he changed his opinion , because he saw him fly without effort , no energy spending in the heavens .
Kenya , this world , will be much more poor without these wonderful species .
Thank you very much .
Every thing I run and everything I do professionally , my life has been molded by seven years of work during my youth in Africa .
From 1971 to 1977 , <unk> young , but I 'm not . I worked in Zambia , Kenya , Ivory Coast , Algeria and Somalia , in terms of technical cooperation with African countries .
I worked for an Italian NGO , and every project that we set up in Africa failed .
And I was very disturbed .
I thought , at the 21st , the Italians were good people , and we were doing a good job in Africa .
Instead , everything we were playing on .
Our first project , which inspired my first book , `` <unk> of <unk> , '' was a project where some Italians decided to teach people from Zambia to grow food .
So , we got with Italian seeds south of Zambia to this absolutely wonderful valley that goes down to the <unk> River , and we teach the locals and grow Italians Italians and Amazon .
Of course , people were not at all interested in doing that , so we 'd let them come to work , and sometimes they did n't come . We were amazed that the locals , in such fertile fertile , had not had agriculture .
However , instead of asking you how it was possible that we did n't know anything , we just said , `` Thank God we 're here , '' `` Just time to save the people in Zambia of starvation . ''
And of course , everything in Africa was beautifully grown .
We got these gorgeous tomatoes . In Italy , a tomato on this size . In Zambia , to this size .
And we could n't believe it , we were saying to the <unk> , `` Look at how easy agriculture is . ''
When the tomatoes were beautiful , mature and red , at night to the morning , about 200 <unk> came from the river and ate everything . And we said to the <unk> , `` Oh my God , the <unk> ! ''
And the <unk> said , `` Yes , that 's why we do n't have agriculture here . '' `` Why did n't they say it ? '' `` You . ''
I thought that just us Italians make mistakes in Africa , but then I saw what the Americans were doing , what the English were doing , what the French did , what the French did , and then seeing what they were doing , I felt quite proud of our project in Zambia .
Because , as you see , at least we feed them to <unk> .
We 're going to see the waste -- let 's see the waste that we 're going to refer to the <unk> people of Africa .
He wants to read a book , read `` <unk> '' from <unk> <unk> , <unk> economist .
The book was published in 2009 .
We , Western donors , we 've delivered the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years .
I 'm not going to tell you about harm that money has caused .
Just read your book .
It 's part of an African woman , the damage we 've done .
The Westerners , we are imperialists , and we treat people only in two ways , or we are trading them , or we 're <unk> .
The two words come from the Latin root `` <unk> , '' which means `` father . ''
However , they mean two different things .
<unk> , I deal with anybody in a different culture as if you were my kids . `` I want a lot . ''
<unk> , I deal with all of a different culture as if they were my servants .
That 's why white people in Africa are called `` <unk> . ''
That book gave me a slap in the face , `` The small thing is beautiful , '' written by <unk> , who said about all economic development , if people do n't want to be helped , <unk> alone .
This is supposed to be the first principle of aid .
The first principle of aid is to respect .
This morning , the guy who opened this conference , put a stick on the ground and said , `` Can you -- you can imagine a city that 's not going to be <unk> ? ''
I decided to be 27 years old just to answer people , and invented a system called <unk> <unk> where you never start anything , you can never take anybody , but it becomes a guy from local passion , the servant of the local people who have the dream to become a better person .
So , what does you do ? It was <unk> .
You can never get to a community with an idea , and you sit with the people in the locality .
We do n't work from offices .
We met in a coffee . We met in a bar .
We have zero infrastructure .
And what do we do ? We become friends , and we found out what the person wants to do .
The most important thing is passion .
You can give somebody an idea to someone .
If that person does n't want to do that , what are you going to do ?
The passion that she has for its own growth is the most important thing .
The passion that man has for its own personal growth is the most important thing .
And then , we helped them find knowledge , because nobody in the world can be successful .
The person with the idea may not have knowledge , but knowledge is available .
So years and years , I had this idea : Why not us , for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do , why not , for once , we heard them ? But not in community meetings .
Let me tell you a secret .
There 's a problem with community meetings .
The entrepreneurs never run , and they will never say , in a public meeting , what they want to do with their own money , what opportunity have been identified .
So , planning has this blind spot .
The smartest people in their community , you do n't even know them , because they do n't use their public meetings .
What do we do ? We worked with one , and we work face to face , you have to create a social infrastructure , which does n't exist .
You should create a new profession .
The profession is the family family of the company , the family family physician , which is established with you at home , at the coffee table , and that helps him find the resources to transform his passion in a way of making a living .
I started this as a test in <unk> , Western Australia .
I was doing a Ph.D. in that time , trying to get away from this condescending rubbish where we got to tell you what to do .
In a year , I had 27 projects , and the government came to me to see , `` How can you do that ?
How can it do that ? '' And I said , `` I did something very , very , very difficult .
And I came down and listened to them . '' So , the government says , `` Do it again . '' We 've done it in 300 communities in the world .
We 've helped to start 40,000 businesses .
There is a new generation of entrepreneurs dying of loneliness .
Peter <unk> , one of the most successful entrepreneurial P.R in history passed out of '96 , a few years ago .
Peter <unk> was a professor of philosophy before you get involved in business , and this is what Peter <unk> says : `` planning is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative business economy . ''
planning is the kiss from the death of the corporate spirit .
So now they 'll be able to <unk> rebuilding no knowing what the most <unk> people in Christchurch want to do with their own money and their own energy .
You have to learn to get these people to come to talk with you .
You have to offer them all these things , privacy , it has to be fantastic to help you , and then they 're going to be <unk> .
In a community of 10,000 people , we get 200 clients .
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people , the intelligence and passion ?
What 's my presentation . Have you ever experienced this morning ?
Local people . That 's what you have <unk> .
So what I tell you is that the spirit entrepreneur is where it is .
We are at the end of the first industrial revolution , we 're not renewable , not renewable , not renewable , and we have systems that are not sustainable .
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable .
<unk> as a way of holding machinery is not sustainable .
What we need to consider , is how we behave , we heal , we 're transported , we communicate , we communicate , we communicate to seven billion people , in a sustainable form .
There are no technologies to do that .
Who 's going to invent technology for the green revolution ? The universities ? Forget it !
Government ? Forget it !
It will be the entrepreneurs and they 're doing it now .
There 's an adorable story that I read in a magazine many , many years ago .
There was a group of experts who were invited to discuss the future of New York City in the <unk> year .
And in the United Nations year , he gathered together this group of people , and <unk> about what would happen to New York City in 100 years , and the conclusion was <unk> : New York City would n't exist within 100 years .
Why ? Because they analyzed the curve and talked about , if the population keeps growing up at this rate , to move the population of New York to the surroundings , <unk> six million horses , and the manure produced by six million horses would be impossible to address .
They were already thrown away at dung , so they were actually <unk> this dirty technology that 's going to make the life of New York .
So what 's going on ? Over the next 40 years , in 1900 , in the United States , <unk> companies <unk> companies , <unk> .
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there were very few , <unk> , factories in <unk> places .
Monkeys , Michigan . Henry Ford .
However , there 's a secret to work with entrepreneurs .
First , you have to offer them all these things .
Otherwise , they wo n't come and talk to you .
Then you have to offer them an absolute , dedicated , enthusiastic service .
And then later , you 'll have to tell you the truth about it .
The smaller company , the biggest company , has to be able to do three <unk> things : the product you want to sell to you , you have to be fantastic , you have to tell with a fantastic marketing , and you have to tell with a great financial administration .
You know what ?
We 've never met a single human being in the world that I can do , to sell and look for money alone .
It does n't exist .
This is still not born .
We 've been researching and looked at the 100 iconic companies in the Carnegie , ordinary , meets , Edison , Ford , all new companies , Google , Yahoo .
There is only one thing that all of the successful companies in the world have in common , only one : no one was started by a single person .
Never the word `` me , '' but the word `` us '' -- 32 times .
He was n't just when it started .
No one begins a company alone . No one .
So , we can create the community where we have facilitators , who come from a small business environment in bars , in bars , in bars and their dedicated comrades who will do for you , what someone did for this gentleman who speaks to this epic , someone who will ask you , what do you need ?
What can you do ? Can you do it ?
Okay , can you sell ? Can you look for money ? ''
`` Oh no , I ca n't do that . '' `` I want you to look for someone ? ''
We activate communities .
Thank you .
We can help us in many ways to improve our lives .
We do n't know all the neighbors , so we do n't exchange a lot of knowledge despite sharing public spaces .
In the last few years , I 've been trying to share more with my neighbors in public space , with simple tools like <unk> , templates and chalk .
These projects came out of questions like , how much are my neighbors ' neighbors on their apartments ?
How can we lend and borrow more things without calling the door at a bad time ?
How do you share more memories of our abandoned buildings and understand our landscape better ?
How do we share more our hopes for empty stores so that our communities can reflect our needs and dreams ?
I live in New Orleans and I 'm in love with New Orleans .
My soul always finds relief with the giant <unk> that give shadow to lovers and <unk> and <unk> for centuries and I trust a city .
It 's always given to the music . There 's a parade in New Orleans . The city has one of the most beautiful architecture in the world , but also one with the most beautiful architecture of the U.S .
I live around this house and I thought I could turn it into a more enjoyable space for the neighborhood , and also in something that changed my life forever .
In 2009 , I lost somebody who loved a lot .
It was Joan , as a mother for me .
His death was sudden and unexpected .
I thought a lot about death .
And this made me deep gratitude for the time , and it produced .
It clearly gave the significant things in my current life .
But let me take this look in my daily life .
It seems to me that it 's easy to be able to get back to day and forget the really important thing for you .
So with the help of old and new friends transformed the wall of this abandoned house on a giant board , and he painted on it phrases to complete , `` Before I die I want ... ''
And so those colleagues could take a chalk , reflect on their lives and sharing personal aspirations in public space .
I did n't know what to wait for this experiment , but the next day the wall was filled and kept on <unk> .
And I 'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall .
`` Before I die I want to be judged by piracy , '' `` Before I die I want to sit on the timeline . ''
`` Before I die I want to sing for millions of people . ''
`` Before I die I want to plant a tree . ''
`` Before I die I want to live outside the network . ''
`` Before I die I want to do it again . ''
`` Before I die I want to go to someone else 's rescue . ''
`` Before I die I want to be completely myself . ''
This abandoned space became constructive and the dreams and the hopes of people made me laugh , and I got bored , and they gave me comfort in hard times .
It 's about knowing that you 're not alone . It 's about understanding our neighbors in new and <unk> ways . It 's about giving the reflection and your contemplation , and to remember what 's most important for us as we grow and change .
This happened last year and I started receiving hundreds of messages from passionate people who wanted to do a wall in their community .
So with my colleagues in the civic center , we did a kit , and now they 've made walls in countries around the world , like Kazakhstan , South Africa , Australia , Argentina and beyond .
Together , we showed the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express ourselves and share each other .
Two of the most valuable things we have are the time and our relationships with other people .
In our age of distractions , it 's more important than ever , to find the ways to conserve the perspective and remember that life is short and delicate .
Death is something that we often avoid talking about , or even thinking , but I understood that we prepare for death , is one of those things that became more power .
If you think about death , our life will be born .
Our shared spaces can reflect what matters as individuals and as community and more media to share hopes , fears and stories , the people around us are not only able to help improve places , can help improve our lives .
Thank you .
Thank you .
Today I have a single request .
Please do n't tell me that I 'm normal .
Now I 'd like to introduce you to my siblings .
<unk> is 22 and very handsome .
It does n't talk about it , but transmits joy better than some of the best speakers .
<unk> knows what love is .
It loves what happens to happen .
It 's not <unk> . It does n't look at the color of the skin .
It does n't matter religious differences and notice in this : never lied .
When singing songs of our childhood , trying to speak of the words that I could n't even remember me , reminds me of one thing : how little we know about the mind and how wonderful it should be the unknown .
Samuel is 16 . It 's high . It 's very handsome .
It has the most pristine memory .
However , it 's a selective memory .
It does n't remember if I stole my <unk> , but remember the year when every single songs of my iPod 's songs , conversations that we kept when I was four , you pee in my arm during the first episode of the <unk> and the Lady Gaga birthday birthday .
Does n't you feel incredible ?
But most people do n't agree .
And in fact , because their minds do n't fit the concept of normal society , they 're often <unk> and <unk> .
But what it propelled my heart and <unk> my soul was that even if that was the case , although they would n't consider them within the ordinary , that could only mean one thing : that they were extraordinary -- autistic and extraordinary .
Now , for those less familiar with the term `` autism , '' it 's a complex brain disorder that affects social communication , learning and sometimes physical skills .
In each individual , it manifests itself differently , from there that will be so different to Sam .
And all over the world , every 20 minutes , will be diagnosed with a new case of autism , and even though it 's one of the disorders of development that faster increases in the world , there is no cause , no known cure .
I do n't remember my first encounter with autism , but I do n't remember one day without him .
I was just three years old when my brother came to the world , and I was very excited to have a new being in my life .
When a few months ago , I realized that he was different .
It 's a lot .
I did n't want to play like the other babies , and in fact , it did n't seem very interested in myself at all .
They lived in living , and he was terrified in his own world , with its own rules , and I found pleasure in the smaller things , like putting cars around the room , look at the washing machine and eat anything that was between half .
As I grew up , it becomes more different , and the differences were made more apparent .
But beyond the <unk> , the frustration and the endless hyperactivity , there was something really unique : a pure and innocent nature , a child who saw the world without prejudice , a human being I had never lied .
<unk> .
I ca n't deny that there 's been some difficult moments in my family , and I was in the time I wish they were just like me .
But I look back at the things that have taught me about individuality , communication and love , and I realize that they 're things that would n't want to change by normal .
normality happens to high the beauty that give us differences , and the fact of being different does n't mean that anyone is wrong .
It just means that there 's a different view of what 's right .
If I could reach one thing to <unk> and Sam and you , it would be that they do n't have to be normal .
They may be extraordinary .
Because , autistic or not , the differences that we have -- they 're a gift ! Each one of us has a gift in its interior and , honestly , the search for normal is the last sacrifice of the potential .
The opportunity for the bigness , the progress and the change dies at the time that we 're trying to be like others .
Please do n't tell me that I 'm normal .
Thank you .
Five years ago , I experienced a little bit what should have been to be Ben in the slums of the Wonders .
Penn State asked me , a communications teacher , which gave me a kind of communication to engineering students .
I was scared . It was really frightened of these students with their great minds , their big books and their big , unknown words .
But when those conversations are going , I felt what Alice must have felt when he fell through the rabbit hole and saw the door to a new world .
Just so I felt when I had those conversations with students , and I was surprised the ideas that they had , and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world .
And I think the key to open that door is a great communication .
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world .
Our scientists and engineers are the ones attacking our largest challenges , from energy to health care and health care , among others , and if we do n't know about this , the work is not done , and I think it 's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interactions .
But these big conversations can not happen if our scientists and engineers are not invited to see their wonderful world .
So scientists and engineers , please do with <unk> .
I want to share some suggestions about how they can do it to make sure we can see that their science is sexy and its engineering is sexy .
First question for <unk> , and then what ?
It 's why science is relevant to us .
Do n't tell us simply that you study the <unk> , but study the <unk> , which are the mesh structure of our bones because it 's important to understand and treat osteoporosis .
And when you 're describing their science , care with the jargon .
The jargon is a barrier to our understanding of their ideas .
Sure , you can say space and temporary , but why do n't I say `` space and time '' that 's much more accessible to us ?
<unk> accessible is not the same thing that dumb .
Instead , as Einstein said , it 's all as simple as possible , but not simple .
They can actually communicate clearly their science without engaging the ideas .
One thing to consider is to use examples , stories and analogies , and they are ways that they had and <unk> with their content .
And by presenting his work , forget about the bullet signs .
They 've wondered why they call bullets , what do the bullets kill ?
A <unk> like this is not only boring , but it 's also supported by the language area of our brain and it 's weightless .
Instead , this <unk> of <unk> Brown is much more effective . It shows that the special structure of <unk> is so strong that really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower .
The trick here is to use a simple sentence , legible , that the audience can understand if you lose a little bit , and then you can give it the graphs that we will embrace our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding what it describes .
I think these are just some key ones that can help others open the door and see the country of wonders that is science and engineering .
And so scientists and engineers , when you 've solved this equation , because of all the media , you 're going to have <unk> . Thank you .
One of my favorite words from all the Oxford English Dictionary is `` <unk> . ''
Just because it sounds very good .
And `` <unk> '' means `` dishonest politician . ''
Even though there was an editor in the 19th century that most better defined when he said , `` One <unk> is that he 's looking for a public charge without any party , a platform or principle , and that , when he wins , he gets it down by the mere use of a monumental <unk> <unk> . ''
I have no idea what `` <unk> . ''
Something to do with words , I guess .
It 's very important that words are the basis in politics , and that all politicians know that they have to try to dominate the language .
It was n't until , for example , <unk> that the British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote the exact words they were saying on the parliamentary chamber .
And all of this was because of the courage of a guy with the weird name of <unk> <unk> , who faced Parliament .
He was thrown in the Tower of London and was incarcerated , but he had enough courage to deal with them , and at the end , he had such popular support in London that won .
And just a few years later , we had the first recorded record of the phrase `` <unk> <unk> <unk> . ''
Most people think it 's literal .
It 's not . It 's for an freedom advocate of speech .
But to really show you how words and politics interact , I want you to get back to America , just after independence .
So , they had to address the question of how to call George Washington , his leader .
They did n't know .
How do you call the leader of a Republican country ?
This was discussed in Congress for a long time .
They were introduced all sorts of suggestions that might have <unk> .
Some of them wanted to call it `` Chief of State of State , '' and others , `` His <unk> George Washington , '' and other `` <unk> of The U.S. People ' <unk> . ''
Not very appealing .
Some people just wanted to call it `` King . ''
They thought it was a lot of quality .
And they did n't even have it , they had the idea that you could be elected King by a given deadline .
And I could have served it .
The whole world became immensely , because this debate was going on for three weeks .
I read the newspaper of a poor senator , and he always wrote , `` still with this issue . ''
What caused the delay and the <unk> was that the House of Representatives were against the Senate .
The House of Representatives did n't want Washington to be empowered .
They did n't want to call it King , because he was giving him or his successor to ideas .
So , they wanted to give them the most modest title , and the most unfortunate title that we came up with .
And that title was `` President . ''
President . He did n't invent the title . There was only before , but it only meant `` somebody who 's going to put a meeting . ''
It was like the president of a jury .
And I did n't have much more <unk> than the term `` foreman '' or `` supervisor . ''
There were small presidents who had small colonial presidents and government fractions , but it was really a insignificant degree .
And so the Senate is made up .
They said , `` It 's ridiculous , we ca n't call President . ''
`` This guy has to sign treaties and meet with foreigners . ''
`` And who 's going to take you seriously with a title so ridiculous and insignificant as President of America ? ''
And finally , after three weeks of debate , the Senate did n't .
We can learn three interesting things about this .
First of all , and this is my favorite to where I 've been able to figure out , the Senate has never occurred to the President of the President .
President Barack Obama is lucky to keep there , waiting for the Senate between action .
The second thing that we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary , it 's possible to keep waiting for <unk> .
But the third thing we can learn , and this is the most important thing , and with this , I want to leave you , is that President of America does n't sound at all so modest today , right ?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear warheads , the largest economy in the world and a fleet of aerial motor vehicles and so on .
The reality and history have endowed to the title of <unk> .
So the last won the Senate .
They got their title of <unk> .
And also the other concern about the Senate , the appearance of uniqueness -- well , it was a singularity at the time .
But , you know how many nations have the president now ?
And it 's because they want to sound like 5,000 nuclear warheads , etc .
So , at the end , the Senate won and the House of Representatives lost , because no one is going to feel humble when you tell them now , you 're the President of the United States .
And I think that 's the great lesson that we can learn , and that I 'd like to leave you with .
The politicians are trying to choose and use the words to shape and control the reality , but really , actually , change really changes more words than what these could change reality .
Thank you very much .
I 'm 45 to feet underground in an illegal mine in Ghana .
The air is loaded with heat and dust , and it 's hard to breathe .
I feel the touch of <unk> bodies in the dark , but I ca n't see much more .
I hear voices that speak , but above all , that cacophony of male <unk> and stones were standing with early tools .
Like the others , I 'm wearing a cheap flashlight of light , attached to the head with this elastic elastic , and I can barely distinguish the branches that hold the walls of that <unk> hole that drops hundreds of meters on the ground .
I got my hand , and I suddenly remember a miner that I met days before , who lost the control and dropped 200 meters into that pump .
As I talk to you today , these guys are in the depths of that hole in the deep hole , their lives without paying , and , often , dying .
I walked out of that hole and went home , but they may never do it , because they 're prey to the slavery .
In the last 28 years , I was documenting native cultures in more than 70 countries in six continents , and in 2009 , I had the great honor to be the only <unk> in the Peace Peace Summit .
Among all the amazing people that I met there , I met an NGO that 's been in <unk> the <unk> , which is an NGO that 's done to eradicate modern slavery .
We started talking about slavery and , really , I started learning about slavery because I knew that there was in the world , but not as grade .
When we ended up talking to me , I was really bad -- I honestly was embarrassed to ignore this terrible thing of our days , and I thought , if I do n't know , how many people do n't know ?
He made me a stomach <unk> , and , weeks later , I flew to Los Angeles to meet the director of <unk> the <unk> and offer my help .
So I started my journey to modern slavery .
Interestingly , I 've been in many of these sites .
Some , even considered my second home .
But this time , I 'm going to get the dirty invisible .
A conservative calculation says there 's more than 27 million people in the world .
It 's twice as much as the number of Africans displaced throughout the whole thing about slave slaves .
150 years ago , the cost of a slave slave was about three times the annual salary of an American worker .
The equivalent of about 50,000 dollars today .
However , today , you can accuse entire families for generations by $ 18 dollars .
Remarkably , slavery generates profits from over $ 13 billion dollars a year around the world .
Many have been <unk> with false education promises and better work to then discover that they 're forced to work without paying , under threat to violence , and they ca n't escape .
Today , slavery operates in the trade : the goods produced by slaves have value , but those people produce them .
The slavery exists in almost everybody , and yet it is illegal throughout the world .
In India and Nepal , I met the brick furnaces .
This weird and <unk> show was how to enter the old Egypt or the hell of Dante .
<unk> in a temperature of 54 degrees temperature , men , women , children , in fact , entire families wrapped up on a heavy coat of <unk> <unk> tubes in their heads , until 18 at the same time , and they take them from blazing furnaces to trucks that are at hundreds of meters .
<unk> by monotony and tiredness are silent , doing this task over and over over 16 17 hours a day .
There was no money to eat , not to drink , and the severe <unk> , and it made a lot inconsequential .
They were the heat and the dust that my camera turned too hot to touch and stopped working .
Every 20 minutes I had to run the car to clean up the team and make it work with air conditioning for <unk> , and sitting there , I thought , I thought , my camera gets a lot better for these people .
Back in furnaces I wanted to cry , but the <unk> that I was next to me quickly grabbed me and said , `` Lisa , do n't do it . Do n't do it here . ''
And he explained to me very clearly to prove emotions is very dangerous in places like this , not only for me , but for them .
I could n't offer you any direct help .
I could n't give you money , nothing .
I was n't a citizen of that country .
I could put them in a worse situation that they were already .
I had to rely on the <unk> , ' and work within the system for their release and he trusted what they 're going to do .
In terms of me , I waited to get home to feel my shattered heart .
In the Himalayas , I found kids carrying rocks for miles through mountain land to trucks that they expected down .
They were more heavy than the children who would charge and the kids who hold their heads to their heads with their heads made out of sticks , ropes and rags .
It 's hard to witness something so overwhelming .
How can we influence something so insidious , but so ubiquitous ?
Some of you do n't even know that they 're slaves -- and they work 16 hours a day without compromising it because this has been all their life .
They do n't have anything to compare .
When these villagers <unk> their freedom , the <unk> burning their homes .
When we hear the word slavery we often think of sexual trafficking , and because of this global consciousness , they warned me that it would be hard for me to work safely in this particular business .
In Kathmandu , I got women who had been previously known .
I was driven by the stairs <unk> that gave this dirty basement , faint light fluorescent light .
It was n't exactly a brothel .
It was good at a restaurant .
<unk> , as you know in the craft , are local for forced prostitution .
They have small rooms , private rooms , where the slaves are <unk> with their girls and children , some of the only seven years -- they 're forced to entertain the clients and to <unk> to buy more food and alcohol .
Each of it is dark and dirty , identified by a number painted on the wall and divided through a <unk> and a curtain .
The workers often suffer sexual abuse to their clients .
On the dusk , I remember making sense of fear of burning , and at that instant , I could barely imagine what it should be stuck in that hell .
I just had one way out , the stairs where I entered .
There was no back doors .
There were no big enough window to climb .
Those people do n't have <unk> and , because we touch a topic so difficult , it 's important to point out that slavery , even sexual trafficking , is happening around us .
There are hundreds of people <unk> in agriculture , in restaurants , in the domestic service and the list can continue .
Recently , the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 children were sold every year as sexual slaves .
It 's everywhere , but we do n't see it .
The textiles is another activity that often relate to the slave labor .
I went to Indian villages where there were entire families going on to be in the trade of silk .
This is a family portrait .
The black hands of black are the father , the <unk> of blue and red , of his children .
<unk> <unk> in these large barrels and <unk> silk in the liquid to the elbows , but the stain is toxic .
My performer told me his stories .
`` We do n't have freedom , '' they said .
`` We still hope , though , to get out of this house someday someday and go to another place where we really pay our job paid . ''
It 's estimated that there are over 4,000 children put in Lake Volta , the largest artificial lake in the world .
When we arrived , I went to take a quick look .
I saw what seemed to be a <unk> family on a ship , two older brothers , some younger kids , makes sense , right ?
Wrong . They were all slaves .
Kids are separated from their accumulated families , missing missing and forced to work extensively in these boats in the lake , despite not to swim .
This boy is eight years old .
When our boat came up to me , he was shivering ; it 's subject that his little canoe was <unk> .
He was paralyzed by the fear of falling into the water .
The <unk> branches of trees plunged into the lake often often trap networks and children , <unk> and fear , the water to unlock the branches .
Many are drowned .
Since it remembers , it has always been forced to work on the lake .
By fear of her love it 's not going to flee and , like all life has been treated with cruelty , they <unk> the younger slaves under their charge .
I met these guys at five o'clock in the morning , when they came up with the last networks , but they had been working from the one .
And in the cold , windy night .
And I would actually point out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they 're filled with fish .
I want to introduce you to Kofi .
Kofi was rescued in a fishing village .
I met him in a shelter where I was going to <unk> the <unk> ' victims of slavery .
Kofi symbolizes is possible .
Who will come to be because of somebody decided to make a difference in your life ?
They flew by a road in Ghana with partners from <unk> the <unk> , a fellow <unk> with his motorcycle suddenly accelerated and <unk> our car and touched the window .
He asked us to put it on a land path to the forest .
At the end of the road , we were going to get away from the car , and he asked the driver , quickly .
And then he pointed out to signal , and he said , `` This is the way , this is the way . Come on . ''
As we started to go down , we took away the <unk> that would hold the way , and after walking around about an hour , we found that the path was <unk> by the recent rains , so I put the pictures on my head as it <unk> in these waters to the chest .
After two hours of walking , the <unk> path ended up in a clear , and we had a mass of holes that could fit in a football field , and they were all full of workers full of workers .
A lot of women had kids tied to their backs , and as they were looking for gold , they walked on a poison poison water .
<unk> is used in the process of extraction .
These miners are enslaved in a well part of Ghana .
When they came out of the pump , they were steeped in their own sweat .
I remember watching his <unk> eyes , <unk> , given that many had been underground for 72 hours .
The pits are to 90 feet and these people carry out heavy bags of stone , and then they 'll be shipped to another area in which they 'll put the stone out to be able to extract the gold .
A first view , the site seems to be filled with strong men and <unk> , but if you look closer , to the margin , we see others less lucky and also children .
They 're all victims of injuries , diseases and violence .
In fact , it 's very likely that this gradually ended up like this victim of tuberculosis and the poisoning for mercury in a few years .
This is <unk> . When his father died , her uncle took him to work with him in the mines .
When his uncle was dying , he took up the debt of the uncle , which is what force the force to be in the mines .
When I met him , I had worked on the mines , 14 years old and the leg injury you see here is a product of an accident in the mine , so severe doctors say it should be .
In addition to that , it has tuberculosis , and yet , it 's forced to work at night and day in that mine .
Even so , he dreams about being liberated and educated from local activists like <unk> the <unk> , ' and it 's this kind of determination , of face to a remote possibility , which inspires me a lot of respect .
I want to drop light over slavery .
They knew their images would be seen by you around the world .
I wanted you to know that we knew that we 're going to tell witness to them and we 're going to make everything possible to help change their lives .
I really think that if we can see each other as human beings , then it becomes very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery .
These images are not from magazines . They are people , real people , like you and like me , who deserve the same rights , dignity and respect in their lives .
There is no day I 'm going to think about these so many beautiful people , abused , that I 've had the great honor to meet .
I hope that these images show a force where you see them , in people like you , and I hope that that force will turn on a fire and that fire <unk> on the slavery because , without that light , the beast of slavery can continue to live in the shadows .
Thank you very much .
I make math applied , and there 's a peculiar problem for whom it does : we are like the management consultants .
Nobody knows what the hell we do .
So today , I 'm going to try and explain to you what I do .
Dance is one of the most human activities .
We were <unk> the ballet <unk> and the dancers of <unk> that we 'll see later on .
But the ballet demands an extraordinary degree of extraordinary training , a high level of dexterity , and probably some initial fitness that can well have a genetic component .
Sadly , neurological disorders like Parkinson 's disease , so they 'll gradually this extraordinary ability , as he does with my friend <unk> <unk> that , in his time , it was a virtuous dancer of ballet .
In the last few years , it 's made a lot of progress on treatment .
However , there are <unk> million people in the world who are sick , and they have to deal with an incurable , severe , stiffness , and other symptoms of this disease , so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it 's too late .
We need to be able to measure the progress in a objective way , and ultimately the only way we can know if there is really a cure to be when we have an objective measure and the <unk> .
But it 's frustrating that for Parkinson 's and other disorders of movement do n't have biological markers , so that 's why they do n't serve the blood analysis and the best we have is a five-minute test for 20 minutes .
You have to go to a clinic to do it . It 's very , very expensive , and that means that out of the clinical trials , they never do .
And what if patients could do it at home ?
That would save a trip to the clinic . What if patients could do the test themselves ?
You do n't need a staff .
By the way , it costs about 300 dollars in neurological clinic .
So , what I want to propose to you as a kind of unintended way , you see , in some sense at least , we 're all <unk> like my friend <unk> <unk> .
This is a video of the vibration 's vibration .
It shows someone healthy as it makes sounds like it , and we can imagine as the dancers of a vocal ballet because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sounds and we all have the genes needed . The <unk> , for example .
And as ballet , it requires an extraordinary training level .
Let 's think about time that leads to a child learning to speak .
From the sound , we can track the position of vocal cords as vibrate , and as well as Parkinson 's affects the limbs , also affects the vocal organs .
On the bottom line you can see an example of <unk> <unk> of vocal cords .
We see the same symptoms .
shake , weakness and stiffness .
The speech becomes more quiet and multiplied after a while , and this is an example of the symptoms .
How do you compare these tests based on the voice with specialized clinical trials ? Well , both of them are not invasive .
The neurological test is not non-invasive . They both use existing infrastructure .
You do n't need to design a whole series of hospitals to make them .
Both are skillful . Okay , but also <unk> tests are not specialized .
I mean , they can be <unk> .
They do very quickly , take about 30 seconds a lot .
They 're at a minimum cost , and we all know what happens .
And when something takes a cost so low : massive scale .
These are some amazing new goals to address .
We can reduce our patients ' hard difficulties .
You do n't need to go to the clinic for <unk> <unk> .
With high-frequency monitoring , we could get goals .
We could make a massive low-cost recruitment for clinical trials , and for the first time , we will be available to the general scale .
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomarkers of the disease before it 's too late .
So , when I 'm going to give the first steps in that sense , we 're launching the Parkinson 's Law Initiative .
<unk> and <unk> , we want to record a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start addressing these goals .
We have local lines for 750 million people in the world .
Any one , with Parkinson 's or Parkinson 's , can call recordings , and I 'm happy to announce that we 've reached six percent of the goal in just eight hours .
Thank you . Tom Rielly : So Max , taking all these samples , say 10,000 people , you can say who 's healthy and who is n't ?
What are you going to take from these samples ?
Max Number : Yeah , yeah . What happens is that during the call , you have to indicate whether you have or not the disease . TR : Of course .
<unk> : You see , some people can not pass it . You may not end it .
But we 're going to get a very big sample data in different circumstances , and do it in different circumstances is important because we 're looking for <unk> the confusion factors in search for the actual markers of the disease .
TR : <unk> percent accuracy at this moment ?
<unk> : much more than that .
Actually , my graduate student , I have to <unk> , has done a fantastic job , and now it has shown that it works on mobile phone network as well , which is going to take the project . We now have 99 percent accuracy .
TR : Ninety and nine . Well , it 's an improvement .
<unk> : Absolutely .
TR : Thank you very much . Max nature , public .
<unk> : Thank you , Tom .
In March of the 2011 2011 , it made <unk> <unk> in New York City .
We are <unk> creatures , gray creatures .
We were focusing on the dark , in without windows and , generally , we avoid sunlight .
We do <unk> models still thinner , the perfect perfect skin we do the impossible , possible , and people criticize us in the press all the time , but some of us are really artists with talent with many years of experience and a real taste for images and photography .
On March 11 , 2011 , I saw from my home , like the rest of the world , the tragic events that happened in Japan .
Shortly after , an organization where he was voluntary , there was <unk> <unk> , was in the place working as part of the response team .
I , along with hundreds of other volunteers , we knew we could n't stay sitting at home , so I decided to join the group for three weeks .
The 13 of May traveled to <unk> .
It 's a small fishermen town in the <unk> of <unk> people , one of the first people affected by the wave .
The water level , recorded over 24 feet tall and over three miles land inside .
As you can imagine , the town was devastated .
We got rubble from the channels and the ditches .
<unk> schools . We took the mud , and we leave the ready houses to be <unk> and <unk> .
We took tons and tons of fish dead , smelly , from the local factory .
We were scared and we loved it .
And for weeks , both volunteers , they found similar things .
They found pictures and pictures and graphics and plywood .
Everybody did the same thing .
<unk> and take them to different places of the villages around them .
It was n't until then I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that people had suffered .
While he was fleeing the wave , and to save their lives , they had to abandon absolutely everything they had .
At the end of my first week , I started to help at a center of medevac .
It helped clean up the city toilets , gigantic <unk> .
This place turned out to be also the place of the town where the medevac center would pick up the photos .
And I had the honor that I was honored to clean up the photos .
And this was exciting and inspiring , I had heard the expression of thinking beyond the horizons , but it was n't until I was about myself my horizons that something happened .
By looking at the pictures , I found some that were more than a hundred years ago , some of them were still in the lab , I could n't avoid thinking about how to fix that <unk> and repair that <unk> and knew hundreds of people who could do the same thing .
So that night I walked into Facebook contacted some of them , and the next morning , the answer was as overwhelming and positive , that I knew we had to try .
So we began to build the pictures .
This was the first of all .
It was n't too esoteric , but where the water had taken off the face of the girl 's face had to keep up with a lot of precision and so forth .
In a other way , that little girl would n't look like it itself , and that would be as tragic as you have the spoiled picture .
Over the pace of time , they came for a little bit more pictures , and it took more <unk> , so that I walked back on Facebook and LinkedIn , five days later , 80 people in 12 countries were offered to help .
After two weeks , I had 150 people who are <unk> .
In Japan , in July , we mobilize <unk> , a neighbor village north of <unk> .
Once a week using our scanner in photography photography that had been installed , where people were going to reclaim their photos .
The time that it took in <unk> is a different story , it depended on the <unk> of the photos .
It could take an hour . It could entail weeks .
It might involve months .
This <unk> had to draw practically by hand using the areas that the color and detail whose water and detail had n't destroyed .
I took a long time .
The water destroyed all these photos were submerged in saltwater , covered with bacteria , with algae , even with oil , all of that over time , I continue to be <unk> , so I 'm going to pick up a major part of the project .
We could n't tweak the photo unless it was clean , dry , and he had been beaten by his owner .
We were lucky at hand .
We have the guide of a remarkable neighbor .
It 's very easy to hurt even more the photos already damaged .
As a <unk> , the leader of my group is like making a tattoo .
You ca n't make mistakes .
The woman who brought us these pictures were lucky for the photos .
He had started <unk> her , but she stopped by realizing that it 's even more .
I also had <unk> .
Without them , the images of her husband and their own face would n't have been able to reconstruct , we were able to <unk> the images in a single picture , and you can see the whole picture .
When they collected their photographs shared something about us .
A husband 's colleagues found the photos at a fire station between the rubble quite far from where she used to be his house , but his colleagues recognized it .
The day of the tsunami , her husband was the experimenter to shut down the barriers to the wave .
It had to go inside the water as the Sirens .
Their kids , not so small now , but their two children were at school , in different schools .
One of them was trapped in the water .
It took him a week to find his entire family and knowing that everybody had survived .
The day I gave her his pictures for the youngest son of him .
For her , despite all this , those pictures were the best gift I could do , something that he could go back , something that I could remember from the past that would n't have been beaten by that day of March , when everything in his life changed or was destroyed .
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had joined in there , hundreds of them helped us clean up to the hand of 6,000 photographs , the vast majority -- the vast majority of their own own own owners .
More than 500 volunteers around the world helped us bring back 90 to 90 million photos , totally <unk> and <unk> .
During this time , we actually do n't spend more than $ 1,000 in teams and materials , most of the ink for printers .
We take pictures of constantly .
A picture is a memory of someone or something , a place , a relationship , someone dear .
They 're <unk> of our memories and stories , the last thing we would take , but the first thing that we 're going to do is you want to look for it .
So this was what the project was , to restore small bits of humanity , to bring someone together to connection with the past .
When a picture like this is back to someone , it 's a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it .
This project also made a big difference in the life of <unk> .
Some of them connected them with something bigger , and I 'll give back something , using their talent for something that are not a perfect skin models .
To finish , I 'd like to read this email , I sent him published the day I came back from Japan after six months .
As I <unk> , I could n't avoid thinking about the people and the stories shown in the images .
One in particular , a photo with women of different ages from the grandmother to the small girl , gathering around a baby , because a similar picture of my family my grandmother , my mother , and my newborn daughter , hangs out of our wall .
In the whole world , in all the few basic needs are the same , right ?
Thank you .
Doc <unk> inspired us wonder and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that 's going through an apple in an exhibition for just one millionth of a second .
But now , 50 years later , we can go a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a billion , but a trillion frames per second .
I present to you a new type of photography : <unk> -- a new technique that can create video camera videos of light into motion .
And with that , we can create cameras that can see after the corners , beyond the line of vision , or see the interior of the body without using X-rays , and they really challenge the idea of camera .
If I take a laser pointer , and I switch it on and put it on a <unk> <unk> , it 's a number of <unk> to create a little bit of a millimeter of <unk> photons .
And that package of photons , that bullet , travel to the speed of light , and , again , a million times faster than a common bullet .
If we took that bullet and this little package of photons and shooting on this bottle , how did those photons spread inside this bottle ?
What 's the aspect of light on slow motion ?
Now , all of this -- remember , all this is happening in less than a <unk> is what takes to travel the light .
But this video is 10 billion times slower so that you can see light in motion .
Coca-Cola is not <unk> this research . It 's a lot of things in this movie ; I 'm going to take this information to show what 's going on .
The pulse , our bullet , enters the bottle with a package of photons that starts to <unk> and , inside , starts to <unk> .
Part of the light gets away , goes to the table , and we started seeing these ripples .
Many of the photons eventually arrive at the cap and then explode in various directions .
As you can see , there 's a air bubble that 's bounces inside .
In that time , the waves travel on the table and because of the insights from the top you see in the bottom of the bottle , after several frames , that people concentrate .
Now , if we take a common and <unk> bullet , and we make it the same distance , and we see it in slow motion about 10 billion times , how much do you think it would take us to sit down to see that movie ?
A day ? Actually , a whole year .
It would be a very boring film of a tiny bullet in motion .
And what about a test of dead nature ?
You can see the waves that go from the table , the tomato and the bottom wall .
It 's like throwing a rock on a pond .
It 's the way that nature paints a picture , I thought , from a <unk> at the same time , but of course , our eyes see an integral composition .
But if you look at this tomato , you 'll realize that , as the light takes over the tomato , it 's just bright . It 's not dark .
Why ? Because the tomato is ripe and light bounces into its inside , and it goes back after several <unk> .
In the future , when this <unk> is on your cell phones , you 're going to be able to go to the supermarket and check if the fruit is grown without having to touch it .
Why do we create this camera at MIT ?
As photographers , you know , if we take a picture to the low exposure , it comes into very little light .
But we 're going to go a billion times faster than the shortest exhibition , so I 'll just go into some light .
We sent that bullet , that package of photons , millions of times , and we recorded over and over again with very cleverly , and we took those gigabytes of data and the <unk> <unk> to create those <unk> that I showed you .
We can take all of those data in raw data and <unk> it very interesting .
Superman can fly .
Other heroes can become invisible .
And if a new power of a superhero future would allow him to see after the corner ?
The idea is that we could throw a little bit of light on the door : <unk> , go into the room , a part is going to reflect on the door , and from there to the camera .
And we could extract those multiple <unk> of light .
It 's not science fiction . We 've already built it .
On the left , it 's our <unk> .
Behind the wall there is a mannequin , and <unk> light on the door .
After the publication of our article in the Nature .
And a small fraction of the photons will return to the camera , but interestingly , at slightly different times .
And as we have a camera that works so fast , our <unk> , it has unique capacities .
It has very good resolution , and it can look at the world at the speed of light .
So we know the distances down to the door , and also to the hidden objects , but we do n't know what point it corresponds to what distance .
And when you project a laser , you can record a picture in gross , which , you see on the screen , it really does n't make any sense .
But we 'll take a lot of images , but we 'll take lots of images like that , tens of images , we 're going to be able to look at the multiple <unk> of light , and with that , can we see the hidden object ?
Can we see it in 3D ?
This is our reconstruction .
We have things to explore before we get this out of the lab , but in the future , we could create cars that avoid collisions with what 's at the turn of the curve .
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions by looking at the light 's open .
Or we could build <unk> able to see the interior of the body through <unk> , and the same thing for <unk> .
But of course , because of the tissue and the blood this is quite difficult , so this is actually an order to the scientists to start thinking about <unk> as a new visualization of visualization to fix the problems of the next generation .
So as Doc <unk> , he himself became a scientist in art , an art of photography .
I realized that all gigabytes of data that we collect every time is not just scientific views , but we can see that we can do scientific views .
So we create a new form of computer photography with slow motion and code code .
And let 's look at those waves . Remember , the time between each of those waves is just about <unk> .
But here 's a funny thing .
If you look at the waves under the cap , you go away from us .
<unk> should be moving towards us .
What happens here ?
It turns out that , as we 're recording almost at the speed of light , we have weird effects . Einstein would have loved to see this picture .
The order that events happen in the world sometimes is going to be invested in front of the camera .
It 's going to take the corresponding warping of space and time , we can correct this distortion .
It 's time . Thank you .
Hello . This is my mobile phone .
A cell phone can change life , and it gives you individual freedom .
With a mobile phone , a crime can kill humanity in Syria .
You can tweet a message and start a protest in Egypt .
So with a cell phone you can record a song , you move it to <unk> and make it famous .
This is all possible with a cell phone .
I 'm a <unk> of 1984 and alive in the city of Berlin .
Let 's go back to that town , this city .
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were protesting for a change .
This is the fall of 1989 . Imagine if all these people put together that you 're looking for a change , they had a cell phone in your pocket .
Who 's going to have a cell phone here ?
<unk> .
Hands up your phones , <unk> !
<unk> . An Android , a Blackberry , wow !
It 's a lot . Most today have a mobile phone .
But today I 'm talking about me , from my mobile phone , and how I changed life .
I 'm going to talk about this .
These are 35 <unk> lines .
Data data .
Why is that information there ?
Because in the summer of 2006 , the E.U . presented a directive .
The <unk> of <unk> .
This board says that every European phone company , every Internet provider of all Europe , has to store a wide range of information from users .
Who calls who , who 's email to who .
Who 's sent a text to who .
And if we use the mobile phone , where we are .
All of this information is stored for at least six months , and until two years , in your phone company , or his provider of the Internet .
And in all Europe , people were planted and said , `` We do n't want this . ''
They said they did n't want this database .
We want the self-determination in the digital age , and we do n't want the phone service and the Internet providers all this information about us .
There was lawyers , journalists , priests , everybody said , `` We do n't want this . ''
And here you can see about ten thousand people coming out to the streets of Berlin , and they said , `` Freedom , not fear . ''
And some even said that this would be <unk> 2.0 .
<unk> was the secret police of Eastern Germany .
And I also wondered if this really works .
Can you store all this information about us ?
Every time you use your mobile phone ?
So I asked my phone , <unk> <unk> , who at that time was the largest phone company in Germany , which I please give me all the information they had about me .
I asked them once , and I came back to ask , and I did n't get a concrete answer . It was blah .
But then I said , `` I want to have this information because you 're going to get my life into my life . ''
So I decided to make a lawsuit , because I wanted to have this information .
But <unk> <unk> said no , we wo n't give you this information .
At the end of the <unk> .
<unk> demand and they would send me the information that I asked .
Meanwhile , the German <unk> Court failed the <unk> for the German law of the E.U .
So I got this ugly on brown with a CD inside .
And on the CD there was this .
Thirty and five thousand dollars of information .
At the beginning , I saw it , and I said , well , it 's a huge archive . OK .
But after a while , I realized that it 's my life .
There are six months of my life in this archive .
I was a bit skeptical : what should I do with that ?
Because you can see where I am , where I step at night , what I 'm doing .
But then I said , I want this information to come out .
I want to make it public .
Because I want to show you what the data retention means .
So , along with <unk> Online and Open Data , we did this .
This is a visualization for six months of my life .
You can zoom in and go away , go back and forth .
You can see every step I give .
And you can see how I 'm going from <unk> in the train , and how often I call it on the journey .
This is all possible with this information .
That 's a little bit of fear .
But it 's not only about me .
It 's about all of us .
First , there are things like , I call my wife and she calls me , we talked a couple of times .
Then they call me some friends , and they 're called each other .
And then you call the other one , and the other one , and we ended up with this big network of communications .
You can see how your people communicate each other to what time they call each other , what time they sleep .
You can see all this .
You can see the centers , the leaders of the group .
If you have access to this information , you can see what society is doing .
If you have access to this information , you can control your society .
This is a model for countries like China and Iran .
This is a model to study the shape of your society , because you know who 's talking to who , who gives you an email to who , which is possible if you have access to this information .
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe , and until two years .
As I said at first , imagine if all these people in the streets of Berlin , in the fall 1989 , they had a cell phone in your pocket .
And <unk> had known who I was involved in this protest , and if <unk> had known who leaders were , this would never have happened .
The fall of the Berlin Wall may never have happened .
And , as a result , not the fall of the miniature <unk> .
Because today , state agencies and businesses want to store as much information of us as possible within and out of the web .
They want to have the possibility of keeping our lives and they want to store them forever .
But self-determination and living in the digital age is not a contradiction .
But today you have to fight for self-determination .
You have to fight for that every day .
When you go back home , tell your friends that privacy is a value of the 21st century , and it 's not fashionable .
When you go home , tell them to its representative of only because companies and state agencies can store some information , they do n't have to do it .
And if you do n't believe me , ask your phone company , what information store you .
So in the future , every time you use your mobile phones to remember they have to fight for self-determination in the digital era .
Thank you .
Hello TEDWomen , what happens ?
It 's not enough .
Hello TEDWomen , what happens ?
I call myself <unk> <unk> and I 'm not <unk> , but I know the doctor who brought me to the world .
I took my mom six times in six different directions , <unk> the poor of me in the process .
As a result , I have cerebral palsy , that 's why they 've got it all the time .
Look .
It 's exhausting . I 'm like a mixture of <unk> .
And Muhammad .
Meat C. It 's not genetic .
It 's not <unk> , it ca n't contract .
Nobody <unk> the uterus of my mother and not <unk> , because my parents were prime brothers , even though they are .
It 's just about accidents , like the one that I was born .
Now , I warn you , I 'm not inspiration . And I do n't want any people here .
You feel bad for me , because at some point in life , they wanted to be disabled .
Go out .
Christmas Christmas , they 're at the mall , drive in circles in search for parking lot and what do you see ?
16 empty places for the disabled .
And they think , `` God , I can be at least a little bit impaired ? ''
In addition , I tell you , I have 99 problems , and P. C. C. 's only one of them .
From there a <unk> of oppression , I would win the gold medal .
I 'm a Palestinian , Muslim , woman , disabled and alive in New Jersey .
If you do n't feel better , maybe you should .
I 'm from <unk> Park , in New Jersey .
I always loved that my neighborhood and my illness had the very early ones .
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my home to New York , I could .
A lot of people with cerebral palsy do n't walk , but my parents do n't believe in the `` ca n't . ''
The mantra of my father was , `` You can do it ; you can dance <unk> . ''
If my three older sisters <unk> , I wiped out .
If my three older sisters were going to public school , my parents were going to go into the school system , and it was <unk> that I was , and if we did n't take all the top note , we all had the <unk> of my mother .
My father taught me how to walk at the five years putting my feet at his feet and just walking .
Another bet that I used was to hang a dollar in front of me so that I 'm going to do it .
The <unk> that I carry inside was very strong .
Yes . The first day in kindergarten was walking like a boxing champion who has received a lot of stroke .
Growing up , there were only six Arabs in my city and were all of the family .
Now there are 20 Arabs , and they 're still all of the family . I think no one realized that we were n't Italians .
This was before 9/11 and politicians would think appropriate to use Muslims as motto .
People who I grew up with no problems with my faith .
However , it seemed to be a lot of hunger death during the <unk> .
I told them that I had enough fat to live three months without eating , so instead of dawn at sunset is very easy .
I danced on Broadway .
Yes , on Broadway . It 's crazy . My parents could not afford physical therapy , so they sent me to dance school .
I learned to dance with heels , whatever I can walk with heels .
I 'm from New Jersey , and we want to be <unk> , so if my friends wear heels , I also .
And when my friends were going to go through summer vacation on the Jersey coast , I was n't going .
I spent my summers in a war zone , because my parents feared that if we 're not going to go back to Palestine every summer , we would be shocked by Madonna .
On the summer vacation I often was my father , so I would drink milk milk , so I was drinking milk , on the back , I would put me cups in the Dead Sea , and I remember the water <unk> my eyes , and I remember , `` It works , it works ! ''
But the silver cure was the yoga .
I must say that it 's very boring , but before he did yoga , it was a <unk> comedian who could n't stand up .
And now I can stand on my head .
My parents would take this idea that I could do anything , that no dream was impossible , and my dream was to be at the General Hospital .
I went to college through positive discrimination , and I got a fellowship for <unk> , University of Arizona , because I walked in all the <unk> .
It was like the <unk> in the theater department .
Everybody loved me .
I did all the tasks at least smart , I took the top note in my classes , and also in their classes .
Every time I was doing a scene from the glass zoo , my professors are born .
But I never got a role .
Finally , in my last year , the <unk> decided to make a piece called <unk> <unk> on Jackson .
It 's a work of a girl with cerebral palsy .
I was a girl with cerebral palsy .
So I started screaming at the four winds , `` Finally , I 'll have a paper !
I have cerebral palsy !
Finally , free !
Thank you to all-powerful God , in the end I 'm free . ''
I did n't get the paper . They gave him Brown .
I went to <unk> the director of the theater department , crying historically , as if someone had killed my cat , to ask him why and she told me that because they believed that they could n't do the stunts .
And I said , `` Excuse me , if I ca n't do the risk stunts , it ca n't be the character . ''
It was a role for that he was literally born and gave it to an actress without cerebral palsy .
College was imitating my life .
Hollywood has a history of <unk> <unk> actors for disabilities .
When I graduated from , I went home , and my first tour <unk> was kind of an extra shot in a sitcom .
My dream became true .
And I knew it would be <unk> from `` mate , '' `` better friend '' in a <unk> .
Instead , I stayed there , like a vase , I did n't see me more than the back of the back , and it was clear to me that the <unk> directors do n't exist , not white , with disability .
It 's just <unk> to perfect people .
But there were some exceptions to the rule .
I grew up looking at <unk> Goldberg , <unk> <unk> , Ellen , and all of these women had one thing in common : they were comedians .
That 's why I became <unk> .
In my first tour , I took <unk> celebrity from New York to New Jersey , and I 'll never forget the face of the first comedian that took when he fell in the realization that I was at high speed of the New Jersey freeway with a driver who had cerebral palsy .
I worked in clubs across the United States , and also in Arabic in the Middle East , without censorship and <unk> .
Some people say I 'm the first <unk> of the Arab world .
I never like to reclaim the first place , but I know you 've never heard that little ugly buzz that says that women are not fun , and they 're very fun .
In 2003 , my brother of another mother and father , Dean <unk> , and I launched the <unk> Comedy Festival in New York City , now in his <unk> year .
Our goal was to change the negative image of the <unk> media , and at the same time you remind them to the <unk> directors that <unk> and Arabic is not synonymous .
It was so much easier to fight the challenge of disability for disability .
My big opportunity came in 2010 .
I was speaking to the news curriculum by wire with Keith <unk> .
I walked into a graduation dance , and I got me back to a studio and sat me on a wheelchair .
I looked at the principal and said , `` Excuse me , can you give me another chair ? ''
She looked at me and said , `` Five , four , three , two ... ''
And we were live .
So I grabbed on my desk 's desk to not get rolling off the screen during the segment , and when I finished the interview , I was pale .
At the end , I had my opportunity and <unk> it . I knew I would n't get inviting me .
But not only Mr. <unk> went back to me , but I was like a full-time participant and pasted my chair .
Something I learned in direct with Keith <unk> was that people on the Internet are scum .
It 's said that the kids are cruel , but I never had a little girl or a little girl .
Suddenly my disability on the Internet became the object of ridicule .
I saw clips online with comments like , `` Why do you cry ? ''
`` Is it <unk> ? ''
And my favorite , `` Poor <unk> terrorist .
What disease does it have ?
We should really pray for it . ''
One commentator suggested even that I would add my disability to my rsum : writer , comedian , paralyzed .
Disability is as visual as race .
If somebody in a wheelchair ca n't do <unk> , then you ca n't do somebody in a wheelchair .
The disabled are -- yeah , clap , man . Come on .
The disabled are the largest minority in the world , and the most <unk> in the world of entertainment .
Doctors said not to walk , but I 'm here in front of you .
However , having grown up with media , I do n't think I was .
I hope we can create more positive images of disability in media and everyday life .
Maybe if there were more positive images , that would be less hate to the Internet .
Or maybe not .
Maybe we still need the whole society to teach our children well .
My tortuous journey has led me to very spectacular places .
I came to <unk> by the red carpet <unk> by the shepherd 's Susan <unk> and the famous <unk> <unk> .
I came to act on a movie with Adam <unk> and working with my idol , incredible Dave Matthews .
<unk> the world `` The Arabs have gone crazy . ''
I was <unk> in representation of the great state of New Jersey in the 2008 <unk> .
And I founded `` The Children of <unk> , '' a charity to give children refugee children a little bit of what my parents gave me .
It was the only time my father saw me work live , and I 'm doing this talk to his memory .
Live in peace .
I call myself <unk> <unk> , and if I can , you can .
I 'd like to tell you a story about a child in a small village .
I do n't know his name , but I know his story .
He lives in a small town to the South <unk> .
This village is near <unk> .
<unk> drives small people to poverty and on the edge of starvation .
Without nothing for him there , it goes to the big city , in this case , <unk> , Somalia of Somalia .
When you get there , there 's no opportunity , there 's no work , no job perspectives .
He 's just living in a tent in the city outside of <unk> .
After maybe a year , nothing .
One day he was telling him to lunch , after dinner , to breakfast .
He meets a dynamic group of people , which gives you a break .
It gets a little bit of money to buy new clothes , money to send home , their family .
He presented to a young man .
Finally , they went home .
It starts a new life .
It has a goal of life .
A beautiful day in <unk> , under a blue sky , bursts a car bomb .
That child in that small village with the dreams of the great city was the suicide bomber , and that dynamic group of people were to <unk> , a connected terrorist organization with al Qaeda .
So how do the story of a small village trying to fulfill their dreams in the city end with him <unk> ?
He was waiting for him .
I was waiting for an opportunity , waiting for a future perspective , and this was the first thing that he got .
This was the first thing that took him from what we call `` the Wait period . ''
And their story is repeated in urban centers around the world .
It 's the story of the marginalized , young urban urban young urban people who were putting riots in Johannesburg , <unk> riots in London , who are looking for something beyond the <unk> period .
For young people , the promise of the city , the great dream of the city is the opportunity , jobs , well-being , but young people do n't participate in the prosperity of their cities .
It 's often the youth who suffers from the highest unemployment of unemployment .
By 2030 , three of every five people living in cities will be under 18 years old .
If we do n't include young people in the growth of our cities , if we do n't provide opportunities , the history of the waiting period , the door to terrorism , to violence , to gangs , to be the story of cities 2.0 .
And in my hometown of birth , <unk> , 70 percent of the young people are unemployed .
70 percent does n't work , it 's not going to school .
They do n't do anything .
I went back to <unk> last month , and I went to visit the <unk> Hospital , the hospital where I was born .
I remember standing in front of that hospital , <unk> thinking , `` What if I was never gone ? ''
What if I had been forced to be in that same `` wait period ? ''
Would it become terrorist ?
I 'm not really sure the answer .
The reason I was in <unk> that month was actually to harbor a few juvenile leaders at a corporate summit .
It 's about 90 to 90 juvenile leaders <unk> .
We sat down , and we had an idea of ideas about solutions to the big challenges facing the city .
One of the young people in the room was <unk> .
He went to <unk> University , she graduated .
I had no work , no opportunities .
I remember when he told me , that because it was a graduate college , unemployed , frustrated , it was the perfect white for al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations , to be recruited .
They were looking for people like it .
But this story takes a different path .
In <unk> , the biggest obstacle to a point A to B is the streets .
<unk> years of civil war have destroyed the road system , and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize mobilize .
<unk> saw an opportunity and I seized .
He started a motorcycles company .
He started <unk> motorcycles to local residents who normally could n't get 'em .
I bought 10 motorcycles , with the help of his family and friends , and his dream is at some point to expand to hundreds of motorbikes for the next three years .
Why is this story different ?
What does this story different ?
I think your ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity .
It 's the business spirit , and I think the business spirit can be the most powerful tool against the <unk> period .
They encourage young people to be the creators of the economic opportunities that are looking so desperately .
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs .
I want to talk to you about a young man who went to one of my meetings , Mohamed <unk> , a <unk> .
I was helping me to train some of the young people at the top of business initiative and how to make a culture of business entrepreneurship .
In fact , it 's the first <unk> that <unk> has seen over 22 years , and until recently , until Mohamed came , if you wanted flowers for your wedding , we were <unk> from plastic sent from the foreign .
If you beat somebody , `` When was the last time you saw fresh flowers ? ''
For those of those who grew up during the civil war , the answer would be , `` Never . ''
So , Mohamed saw an opportunity .
It started a <unk> company and floral design company .
I created a farm outside of <unk> , and he started to grow <unk> and <unk> , who said , could actually survive the <unk> of <unk> .
And it started the delivery of flowers for wedding , creating gardens in the houses , and the city companies , and now it 's working in the creation of the first public park in 22 years .
There are no public parks in <unk> .
It wants to create a space where families , young people , can go together , and , like he says , smell <unk> pink .
By the way , he 's not farmed pink because they use a lot of water .
So , the first step is to inspire young people , and in that room , the presence of Mohamed had a really profound impact on young people .
They had never thought of starting a business .
They had thought to work for an NGO , working for government , but their story , their innovation , actually had a strong impact on them .
He forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity .
encouraged to believe that they could be entrepreneurs , that might be <unk> of change .
For the end of the day , they had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city .
We 're providing business solutions for local problems .
So , inspiring young people and create a culture of business spirit , it 's really a big step , but young people need capital to make their ideas happen .
They need expertise and orientation and guidance to guide them in the development and put it on their business .
It empowers young people with the resources that they need , to promote the support they need to move from conception to creation , and create <unk> for urban growth .
For me , the business spirit is something else to start a business .
It 's creating a social impact .
Mohamed is not just selling flowers .
I think it 's selling hope .
His Peace Park , this is how it calls it , when it 's created , it will transform the way people see their city .
<unk> hired the street to help rent and keep the motorbikes for him .
It gave them the opportunity to escape from the <unk> paralysis .
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact on their cities .
So my suggestion is : becoming young people in entrepreneurs , <unk> and eat their inherent innovation , and they will have more stories about flowers and Parks Parks than <unk> and <unk> periods .
Thank you .
I was about ten years , and I went camping with my dad in the <unk> mountains , an area <unk> north of the state of New York .
It was a beautiful day .
<unk> forest .
The sun was made as a <unk> , and it 's not going to be the way that we were still , we could almost pretend that we were the first human beings to step on that land .
We got to our camp .
It was a shed in a <unk> with a beautiful lens , when I discovered something horrible .
Behind the shed had a dump , about four square feet with rotten apple hearts , <unk> balls of paper balls , and seven old paper .
And he was choked up , he was very angry and incredibly confused .
<unk> who were too lazy to take out what they had brought , who thought he was going to clean up their garbage ?
That question went on with me , and it was kind of a little bit .
Who clean our garbage ?
No matter how to organize it as organize or where we put the `` our '' , who cleans our junk in Istanbul ?
Who clean our garbage in Rio or Paris or London ?
Here in New York , the Department of <unk> is clean up our garbage , which is about 11,000 tons of waste and 2,000 tons of recyclable products every day .
I wanted to know them as individuals .
I wanted to understand who 's doing that job .
What do you feel like to use the uniform and take that charge ?
So I started a research project with them .
I traveled in the trucks and walked along the edges and I was interviewing people in offices and facilities throughout the city , and I learned a lot , but it was still a <unk> .
I needed to go further .
So I started working like <unk> .
Now I did n't just travel in the trucks . I did them .
And it operated the mechanical <unk> and run the snow .
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning .
They all ask about smell .
It 's there , but it 's not as predominant as you believe , and in the days that it 's very strong you get used to .
It costs a lot to get used to the weight .
I met people who had worked on it for several years , and their bodies kept <unk> the weight of taking on their body tons of garbage every week .
It 's also the danger .
According to the Bureau of Statistics <unk> , the waste collection is one of the ten most dangerous <unk> of the country , and I learned the reason .
You 're coming out and go into traffic all day , and they pass through your surroundings .
They just want to <unk> them , so in general the driver is not paying attention .
That 's very bad for the worker .
And also the crap itself is full of dangers that often fall from the truck and cause terrible damage .
I also learned about the relentless of the trash .
When you get out of the <unk> and you see a city from the back of the truck , you get to understand that the garbage is like a force of nature itself .
It never stops coming .
It 's also like a breathing form or circulation .
It 's always supposed to be moving .
And it 's also the stigma .
It seems to me that the stigma is especially ironic , because I think so strongly that waste loss are the most important work in the streets of the city , for three reasons .
They 're the first protective health protect .
If you do n't get rid of the waste of a efficient and effective way every day , this starts to <unk> from their containers and their dangers , inherent in very real ways .
Disease we had been controlled for decades and centuries and they start <unk> .
The economy needs .
If we ca n't get rid of the old thing , we do n't have space for what the economy engines begin to fail when it is in danger .
I 'm not advocating for capitalism , just pointing its relationship .
And then there 's what I call our average average speed necessary .
I mean , I 'm just at the speed of what used to be used in the contemporary time .
We usually do n't care about it , no fixed , cleaned or we take us our cup of coffee , our bag of <unk> , our water bottle .
We use them , we throw them , we forget about them , because we know that there 's a job force on the other side that will take away from it .
So today , I want to suggest to you today a couple of ways of thinking about waste collection that maybe help reduce the stigma and get them into that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city .
Her work , I think , is almost <unk> .
They 're on the street every day , <unk> .
They use a uniform in many cities .
You know when to go .
And their work allows us to do our own .
They 're almost a relief .
The flow that keep us safe with ourselves , from our own waste , our junk , and that flow always must stay in one way or another .
One day after 9/11 , 2001 , I heard the grunt of a <unk> truck on the street , grabbed my little son and I went down the stairs running , and there was a man doing his journey of recycled paper as I did every Wednesday .
And I tried to thank her work that day in particular , but I started to cry .
And I looked at me and I just nodded , and he said , `` We 're going to be fine .
We 're going to be okay . ''
Shortly after that , I began to investigate the waste collection and I went back to see that man .
It 's called <unk> , we work together many times , and we made good friends .
I want to believe that I was right .
We 're going to be fine .
But in our mindset , the way we exist in this planet as a species we have to include and have to account every cost , even the very real human cost of labor .
The municipal waste , what we think when we 're talking about garbage , is three percent of the amount of waste in the nation .
It 's a remarkable statistic .
So in the flow of your day and their lives , the next thing you see someone whose work is to clean up the garbage of you , take a moment to recognize them .
Take a moment to tell you , thank you .
My work focuses on the connection of thinking about our community life forming part of the environment where architecture is born naturally from conditions and local traditions .
Today I brought out two recent projects like this .
Both projects are located in emerging countries , one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia .
They also share the fact that the different analysis of different perspectives become an essential part of the final work of architecture .
The first example started with an invitation to design a <unk> mall in Ethiopia 's capital , Addis Ababa .
This is the kind of building that showed us as an example , to my team and me , about what we had to design .
At first , the first thing I thought was , `` I want to go running . ''
After seeing some of these buildings , there are many in the city , we realized that there are three important aspects to emphasize .
In principle , these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people can not afford to buy things .
Second , you need to employ a lot of energy because the <unk> skin generates heat inside , so you need a lot of cooling .
In a city where this should n't happen because it 's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees during the entire year .
And thirdly , its appearance has nothing to do with Africa or Ethiopia .
It 's a shame for a place that is so rich in culture and traditions .
In our first visit to Ethiopia , he was really engaged with the old market that is the <unk> structure where thousands of people , they go and buy things every day to little marketers .
There 's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity .
So I thought , that 's what I really wanted to design , not a commercial mall .
But the question was how to build a modern <unk> building , applying these principles .
The next challenge was introduced to the survey , which is located in a very much area of the city , where much of the buildings that we now see in the image , not there .
And it 's also between two parallel streets that they do n't communicate in an extension of a hundred meters .
So the first thing we did was to create a connection between these two streets , assembling all the inputs in the building .
And this spreads with an inclined atrium , which creates a space to the open air in the building that was <unk> , its own shape , from sun and rain .
And around this space we 've applied the idea of the market with small business , which changes in every floor because of the form of space .
I also thought , how do we close the building ?
I wanted to find a solution that we 're going to do to the local climate conditions .
And I started thinking about a similar tissue to a <unk> shell , to allow the air input , and also light , but in a filtered way .
Then we were inspired by these beautiful buttons in the Ethiopian dresses .
They have properties of fractal geometry and this helped me model the facade .
We 're building that with these small parts that are the windows that leave the air and light in a controlled way inside the building .
This is <unk> with these little colored crystals that use light inside the building to light the building at night .
With these ideas , it was n't easy to convince developers because they thought , `` That 's not a mall . It was n't what we ask . ''
But ultimately , we realized that this idea of the market was going to be much more profitable than the mall , because at the end of the market , there was more local to sell .
And also the idea of the facade was significantly more economic , not just because of the material compared to the glass , but also because it was no longer necessary to have air-conditioning .
So we got certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project .
The first thing was to think about how to get the power of energy to the building in a city where electricity is cut almost every day .
So we got a big advantage by putting <unk> on the roof .
And then under those panels we think about the roof as a new public space with areas of meeting and bars that would create this urban oasis .
And these <unk> on the roof , which actually collect water for indoor health care .
It 's expected for the beginning of the next year , because we go through the fifth floor of building .
The second example is a master plan of 2,000 apartments and services in the city of Tunisia .
And to make a project so big , the bigger that I 've designed , I needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia , but also their environment , its tradition and culture .
During that analysis , I started special attention to the <unk> , a <unk> structure that was surrounded by a <unk> wall doors of connected access to almost straight lines .
When I went to the place , the first design operation that we did was to expand the streets , creating 12 early blocks similar to the size and characteristics of those in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these courtyards .
In addition to that , we select some strategic points in relation to the idea of <unk> doors with straight lines , and this changed the initial model .
And the last operation was to think about the cell , the small cell of the project , like the apartment , as an essential part of the master plan .
I thought , what would the best orientation for an apartment in the <unk> climate ?
And it 's a result , because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house and therefore a natural ventilation .
So I 'm going to give you a scheme that claims that most of the apartments are perfectly <unk> in that direction .
And this is the result that is almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city .
It has these blocks with courtyards , and then in the lower plant , we have all the connections for pedestrians .
And it also responds to local norms that set up a greater density at higher levels and a lower density on the plant .
And it also reinforces this idea of the doors .
The roof , which is my favorite space of the project , is almost like giving the community to the community that 's occupied by construction .
It 's where all the neighbors , they can come up and socialize , and make such a way to run a <unk> race in the morning , or jump from a building to another .
These two examples , they have a common approach to the design process .
And also , they 're in emerging countries , where you can see in the literally growing cities .
In these cities , the impact of architecture in people 's lives changes to communities and local economies at the same rate as the buildings grow .
For this reason , I see even more important to look for architecture for simple , but affordable solutions , that improve the relationship between the community and the environment , and they have as a goal to connect nature with people .
Thank you very much .
When I was eight years old , a new girl joined our class . It was as remarkable as all the new girls see .
I had large amounts of hair , and a little <unk> of mine , cute . It was super strong for the capitals of the states , very good for <unk> .
And I ended up that year and I was full of jealousy , until I had my sinister plan .
One day I stayed after the school out of school . It was a little late and I hid in the girls ' bathroom .
When the shoreline was <unk> , I went out in the classroom , I took off the classroom , I took my master 's book .
And then I did .
It <unk> my rival grades , just a little bit , just some of them .
All right . And I signed up to give back the book to the drawer . But to see , some of my other colleagues had very good grades too .
So in a frenzy , <unk> the notes around the world , without any imagination .
I put them all rows of <unk> and myself a row in the way , just because I could ...
I 'm still surprised what I did .
I do n't understand how the idea arose .
I do n't understand why I felt well doing it .
I felt important .
I do n't understand why I never caught me .
It 's all very obvious .
I never found me .
But above all , I 'm going to tell me why this little girl would bother me that this little girl , so small , was so good for <unk> .
I 'm going to become jealousy .
They 're so mysterious and so <unk> .
We know that babies suffer from jealousy .
Also the primates . The birds are very likely to go .
We know that jealousy is the number one cause of spouses in the United States .
And yet , I 've never seen a study that will observe loneliness , or a long duration or sadness .
So , you have to go to fiction , because novels are like the lab in which you study jealousy in all of its possible ways .
In fact , I do n't know if it 's an exaggeration to say that if there was n't jealousy , it would have no literature .
Well , there would be not Helen <unk> , there would be `` Odyssey . ''
There would be no king jealous , or `` The 1,000 and a nights . ''
There would be no Shakespeare .
<unk> the <unk> lists of high school school , because we 'd be losing `` The Noise and the <unk> , '' there would be `` Gatsby '' and `` Party . '' We 'll lose `` Madame <unk> '' and `` Anna K . ''
Without jealousy , there 's no Proust . I know it 's fashionable to say that Proust has the answers for everything , and in terms of jealousy , it almost has all of them .
This year was 100 years of his masterpiece , `` In search of lost time , '' the longest study of sexual jealousy , and also , of mine , all that we could have , and thinking about Proust , we have the details of the details , right ?
We think of a child trying to reconcile the dream .
We think about a <unk> <unk> on you .
We forgot about how hard it is .
We forgot about how relentless it is .
That is , it 's about books that Virginia said were so hard as <unk> of cat .
I do n't know what the cat is , but we assume it 's <unk> .
Let 's see why they go so well together , the novel and jealousy , jealousy and Proust .
It will be very obvious as the jealousy , which is reduced to the person , to their desire , to their liabilities , are a very strong narrative .
I do n't know . I think we get very close to the bone , when we think about what happens when we feel jealousy .
When we feel jealousy , we tell ourselves a story .
A story about other people 's lives , and those stories make us feel terrible because they 're designed for that , to make us feel bad .
Now , as storytellers and audience , we know exactly what details to include , to nail the knife , right ?
The jealousy asking all amateurs , and that 's something he understood .
Everything that she does for giving me pleasure could give me pleasure to another , maybe right now . ''
And it starts to say to yourself that story , and since then , Proust says that every fresh charm that <unk> picks up in his lover , he adds it to his collection of torture of torture in his private camera .
You 've got to admit that you were laughing and Proust , they were notoriously jealous .
You know , whoever 's dating would have to leave the country , if they wanted to break it up .
But you do n't have to be so jealous to recognize that it 's hard work . Right ?
The jealousy are <unk> .
It 's a hungry emotion . You have to feed it .
And how are the jealousy ?
The jealousy gets rid of information .
The jealousy use the details .
Personally , jealousy like great hair , and the cute little hair <unk> .
The jealousy got rid of the photos .
That 's why Instagram that Instagram is so successful . Proust links well with the jealousy of jealousy .
When <unk> is in its agony of jealousy , suddenly listening to the gates and <unk> the servants of his lover , then they pressed those behaviors .
He says , `` Look , I know you think this is disgusting , but it 's not different than the interpretation of an ancient text or looking at a memorial . ''
He says , `` They 're scientific research with real intellectual value . ''
Proust is trying to prove that jealousy can be seen , and they make us seem like <unk> , but in their heart , they 're search for knowledge , the search for truth , really painful . In fact , what mirrors be , the more painful the truth , better .
Pain , humiliation , loss : These were the pathways towards Proust wisdom .
He says , `` One woman we need , that makes us suffer , causes us to be a range of feelings that 's much more profound and vital than a wise man who may be interested in . ''
Is it telling us that we 're going to look for cruel women ?
No . I think it 's trying to say that the jealousy reveal us .
Is there any other emotion that makes us open ourselves in this particular way ?
Is there any other emotion that reveals us our <unk> , our horrible ambition and our rights ?
Any other emotion that teaches us to look at intensity so peculiar ?
Freud would write about this later .
One day , Freud was visited by a young man who was being used to the idea that his wife <unk> it .
And Freud says that there was something bizarre about that man , who did n't get rid of what his wife did .
Well , she was innocent ; everybody knew it .
The poor creature was <unk> without any cause .
But he was looking for things that his wife did , without realizing , unintended behavior .
Do you get too much ? Or do accidentally we have any <unk> with a man ?
Freud says the man was becoming the <unk> of his wife .
Now , novels are really good at this .
Now , novels described very well how the jealousy makes us look at intensity , but without accuracy .
In fact , the more intensely jealous of us are , we become <unk> residents .
And for this reason , I believe , jealousy lead us to do violent acts or illegal acts .
jealousy drives us to behave in totally <unk> ways .
Now I 'm thinking about me for eight years , I recognize it . But I 'm also thinking about this story that I heard on the news .
A woman from Michigan for 52 years was captured by having created a fake Facebook account since he was sent <unk> , awful to himself for a year .
For one year , a year .
She was trying to go back to the new girlfriend of his former boyfriend . I have to confess that when or this , I reacted to admiration .
Because , let 's face it .
What 's a huge thing , although unfortunate , creativity . Right ?
It 's like a novel .
Like a <unk> <unk> novel .
<unk> is one of my favorites .
She 's a very strange and brilliant character of American literature .
It 's the author of `` <unk> in <unk> '' and `` The <unk> Mr. <unk> , '' books that are trying to deal with how the jealousy , <unk> our minds , and once we 're in the sphere , in the realm of jealousy , the membrane that separates what it could be , can be broken in an instant .
Take Tom <unk> , his most famous character .
Tom <unk> 's going from <unk> or want what you 've got to take of your self and you want to get it at once you 've ever got , and it 's under the floor . <unk> your name , it takes your rings , the cow accounts .
It 's a way .
But what do we do ? We ca n't take the route of Tom <unk> .
I ca n't give you all over the world , as much as sometimes I want .
It 's a shame , because we live in times of envy .
We live in times of jealousy .
I mean , are we good citizens of social networks , where the currency is envy ? Right ?
Now , novels shows us ? I 'm not sure .
So we 're going to do what the characters always do when they 're not sure , when they 're in front of a mystery .
Let 's go to the Baker Street of Baker Street and ask for Sherlock Holmes .
And when people think about Holmes , they think of the <unk> curse in Professor Moriarty , that criminal genius .
But I 've always learned [ to ] <unk> ] <unk> , the head of the rat of Scotland <unk> , which needs desperately , needs the Holmes ' genius , but he 's upset .
Oh , I 'm so familiar .
They need his help , but we 'll <unk> it , and we 'd have <unk> with bitterness in the fall of the mysteries .
But as they work together , something starts to change , and finally in `` The <unk> of <unk> <unk> , '' once you 've been in , <unk> all of us with his solution , <unk> it back to friendship and says , `` We 're not jealous , Mr. Holmes .
We 're proud of you . ''
And he says that there 's no person in Scotland who did n't want to hold your hand .
It 's one of the times that we see calculus was in history . It looks like this very emotional . That scene is also mysterious , right ?
It seems to treat jealousy as a problem of geometry , no emotion .
You know , in a minute if you 're from the opposite side of <unk> .
And the next minute they are on the same side .
Suddenly , <unk> is allowed to admire that idea of being the idea of being .
Could it still be so simple ?
What if jealousy really are a matter of geometry , just a question of where we allow us to be in relation to the other ?
Well , maybe we do n't have to get rid of the excellence of the other .
We can do it with it .
But I like contingency plans .
So while we expect that to happen , let 's remember that we have the fiction for <unk> .
It 's just fiction to raise jealousy .
The fiction alone used them , invites them to the table .
And look at what it looks like : the sweet <unk> , the terrifying terrifying Tom <unk> , the <unk> <unk> , the former Marcel Proust .
We 're in great company .
Thank you .
We used to solve big problems .
On July 21 , 1969 , Buzz Aldrin jumped out of the Apollo site of Apollo 11 and landed on the <unk> Sea .
Armstrong and Aldrin were alone , but his presence in the gray surface was the culmination of a collective process .
Apollo program was the largest mobilization in American history .
To get to the moon , NASA spent about 180 billion dollars of today , or four percent of the federal budget .
Apollo gave about 400,000 people , and he asked 20,000 companies , universities and government agencies .
They died , including the Apollo crew .
But before the Apollo program <unk> , 24 men traveled to the moon .
I walked over the surface , from which was sent after death from Armstrong last year , is now the most old man .
So , why did they go ?
They did n't get a lot of it : 300 kilos of old rocks , and something that the 24 <unk> later , a new sense of the aspect and the fragility of our common home .
Why were it ? The cynical answer is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to prove to the Soviets , that this nation had better rockets .
But the words of Kennedy at Rice University in 1962 give us a better idea .
John F. Kennedy : Some people ask , why the moon ?
Why turn it into our goal ?
And you might also ask , why would climbing the highest mountain ?
And 35 years ago , why would you fly over the Atlantic ?
Why does it play Rice versus Texas ?
We chose to go to the moon .
We chose to go to the moon .
We chose to go to the Moon in this decade , and do other things , not because it 's simple , but because they 're hard .
Jason <unk> : For the contemporaries , the Apollo was not just a victory of the West about this in the Cold War .
At the time , the stronger emotion was to wonder about the transcendence of the technology .
It was because it was great power to do it .
The landing on the Moon occurred in a context of a long list of technological victories .
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the plane , penicillin and the vaccine for tuberculosis .
In the middle of the century , <unk> <unk> and eliminated .
The technology seemed to own what Alvin <unk> in 1970 called the <unk> force .
For most of the history of humanity , we could n't go faster than a horse , or a sailing boat , but in 1969 , the Apollo crew of Apollo [ is ] flew 40,000 miles for hour .
Since 1970 , no human being has gone to the moon .
No one has traveled faster than the crew of Apollo 10 , and the optimism optimism about the power of the technology has evaporated to see that the problems that we imagine that technology will solve how to go to Mars , create a clean energy , cure cancer , or feeding the world population seem to be intractable results .
I remember the Apollo 17 .
I was five years old , and my mother told me to do n't watch to the escape tube of the rocket Saturn .
I knew that this would be the last mission at the front of , but I was totally sure that I would be to see the colonies on Mars .
So that 's what it happened to our ability to solve problems with technology has become a common place .
We hear it all the time .
We heard it for the last two days here , at TED .
It seems like the technologists were assigned to us and they were enriched with trivial toys , things like iPhones and social networks , or algorithms that speed up the automated sale .
There 's nothing wrong with most of these things .
They 've expanded and enriched our lives .
But they do n't understand the big problems of humanity .
What happened ?
There 's a implicit explanation in Silicon Valley , <unk> that have been created less ambitious businesses than we were at <unk> Intel , Microsoft , Apple and <unk> .
Silicon Valley says that markets are the perpetrators , in particular , the incentives that the venture capitalists provide entrepreneurs .
Silicon Valley says that the risk investment caused the creation of ideas to prescribe ideas for incremental problems or even false problems .
But I do n't think this explanation is good enough .
They 're mostly going wrong with <unk> Valley .
Even when the venture capitalists were at their high point without worrying about the risk , they preferred small investments , tiny investments that they could go out in 10 years .
<unk> . They 've always had trouble investing in technologies like energy , which need an enormous capital , and whose development is in the long term . They have never invested in the development of technologies intended to solve big problems because they do n't have an immediate commercial value .
No , the reasons we ca n't solve the big problems are more complicated and more complicated .
Sometimes , we choose not to solve the big problems .
We could go to Mars if we wanted to .
NASA has even designed a plan .
But going to Mars would require a political decision that was popular , and that will never happen .
We wo n't go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth .
Sometimes , we ca n't solve the big problems because political systems fail .
Today , less than two percent of global energy consumption comes from sources of renewables like solar , wind and <unk> . Less than two percent , and the reason is completely economic .
Coal and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind , and oil is cheaper than the <unk> .
We want sources of alternative energy that they can compete at price . They do n't exist .
Now , technologists , the entrepreneurs and economists agree on what policies and treaties in international energy development is mostly a significant increase in research and energy development , and some kind of control of the coal price .
But there is no hope in the political climate that we will see an American policy or treaties in international treaties that reflect that consensus .
Sometimes , the big problems that looked like technology is not to be .
We know from the time that famines are a result of failure in the process of food .
But 30 years of research have taught us that famines are political crises that affect the distribution of food .
Technology can improve things like crop or systems for storage and food , but there will be famine while there 's bad governments .
Finally , the big problems we have to give us a solution because we do n't understand the problem .
President Nixon declared the war in 1971 , but we soon discovered that there are many types of cancer , some terribly resilient things to treatment , and only over the last 10 years seem to have found effective and viable treatments .
The hard problems are hard .
It 's not true that we can not solve problems with technology .
We can and we have , but these four elements of us have to be present : political leaders and population must want to solve the problem ; the institutions must support the solution , it should actually be a technological problem ; we need to understand it .
The Apollo mission , which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems , does with those criteria .
But it 's a <unk> model in the future .
We 're not in 1961 .
There is no competition that was in the Cold War , there 's no politician like John Kennedy that 's going to be hard and dangerous , and there 's not a popular science of science fiction like exploring the solar system .
In general , going to the moon turned out to be simple .
It was just three days .
And really , I was n't even address any problem .
We are alone in our present , and the solutions of the future will be harder to get .
God knows that we do n't have the challenges .
Thank you very much .
Well , I 'm going to talk about the trust , and I 'm going to start <unk> the pervasive ideas that you have about trust .
They 're so common that they 've become the cliches of our society .
I think it 's three .
The first one is a claim : there 's been a huge decrease in trust , it 's a very widespread belief .
The second is a goal : we should have more trust .
And the third one is one task : we should recover trust .
I think the claim , the goal and the task has been wrong .
What I 'm going to try and tell you today is a different story about a claim , a goal and a task , which I think gives a more clear idea about the subject .
First of the claim : why do people think that trust has decreased ?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence , I do n't know the answer .
It makes me bow to think that it may have dropped in some activities or institutions , and that could have grown up in others .
I do n't know .
But I can go to the opinion polls , and the surveys of opinion are supposedly the source of belief that trust has decreased .
When you look at surveys in time , there are no evidence for it .
I mean , the people who were <unk> 20 years ago , mostly journalists and politicians , follow the same mistrust .
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago , they 're still quite trustworthy : judges , nurses .
The rest of us are in the middle , and by the way , the average citizen of the street is almost exactly half the way .
But is this evidence enough ?
So what 's really recorded is , of course , opinions .
What else can you register ?
What you 're looking at is generic attitudes that people think when they ask certain questions .
Trust the politicians ? Trust teachers ?
Now , if somebody asked you , `` Do you go to the <unk> ?
<unk> in the fishermen ?
<unk> in elementary school ? ''
You probably try to ask , `` To do what ? ''
And that would be a very sane response .
And you could say , when you 've answered your question , `` Well , I trust some , but no other . ''
What 's very rational .
Ultimately , in real life , we tend to place trust in a separate way .
We do n't assume that the level of trust that we 're going to feel for a given kind of official , official official or type of person , is going to be uniform in all cases .
I could , for example , to say I trust a certain primary master that I know to give you the classroom , but in no way to drive the school <unk> .
After all , I could know that it was n't a good driver .
I could trust my most talkative friend to keep a conversation , but not , maybe , to keep a secret .
Simple .
And if we 've obtained those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is separated , why we leave all of that knowledge when we think about trust in the most abstract way ?
I think these surveys are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust , because they 're trying to make good judgment by the fact that they trusted something or somebody .
Secondly , what about the goal ?
The goal is to have more confidence .
Frankly , I think it 's a stupid goal .
It 's not that the goal I 'm going to do .
I would join getting more confidence in what is trust , but not what it is .
Ultimately , I 'm believer not to trust what it is not reliable .
And I think that those people who were holding their savings with very rightly named Mr. Madoff , who then disappeared with them , I think of them , and I think , well , they were too confident .
Having more trust is not a smart goal in this life .
They collide , they collide , that 's the right goal .
Once you say it , he says , yes , it 's worth , that means what matters first is not trust , but trustworthiness .
What it 's about is about making a judgment on how trustworthy people are in certain ways .
And I think to be able to do a trial , we 're forced to focus on three things .
Are they competent ? Are they honest ? Are they responsible ?
And if we find that a person is competent , and it 's responsible and honest , then we 'll have a very good reason to trust it , because it 's going to be worthy of trust .
But if , in the contrary , they 're not accountable , we could n't trust them .
I have friends who are competent and honest , but not trusted to take a letter to the mail , because they 're <unk> .
I have friends who are very confident that they can do certain things , but I see that you 're going to get their own skills .
And I 'm glad to say that I do n't have a lot of friends who are competent and responsible but extremely <unk> .
Yeah , I did n't realize it .
But that 's what we 're looking for : trustworthiness before .
The trust is the answer .
<unk> is what we need to judge .
And of course , it 's hard .
In the last few decades , we 've tried to build accountability systems for all kinds of institutions , professionals , officials and so forth , that made us easier to judge their trustworthiness .
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect .
They do n't work as they should .
I remember once I was talking to a <unk> , and he said , `` Well , you 'll see , the problem is that it takes more time to do the administrative paperwork that I will . ''
And we found the same problem in all of our public life , and institutional life , that the accountability system that is destined to guarantee trustworthiness and testing tests , actually is doing the opposite .
What they do is you have the work of the people who have to do hard tasks , like the midwives , let them say `` boxes use , '' as we say .
I 'm sure all of you know similar examples .
Everything , for the goal .
I think the goal should be more reliability , and that things would be different if they 're going to be worthy of trust , and we 're going to tell the people that we are reliable and if we were to stop determining whether other people or politicians are worthy of trust .
It 's not easy . It 's the judgment , the simple actions , the attitudes , it does n't do properly .
Third , the task .
Let 's start the task to rebuild trust , puts things around .
It suggests that you and I should rebuild trust .
Well , we can do it with ourselves .
We can rebuild a little bit of trustworthiness .
We can do it if they 're two people , together , trying to improve trust .
But trust , ultimately , is distinctive because they give them other people .
You ca n't reconstruct what other people have given you .
You have to give them the foundations enough that they can trust you .
You have to be worthy of trust .
And that , of course , is because you ca n't deceive , usually to all people , all the time .
But you also have to add <unk> evidence that you 're worthy of trust .
How do you do that ?
That 's a daily basis , everywhere , makes people ordinary people , officials , the institutions , very effectively .
Let me give you a simple commercial example .
The store where my socks shop , say I can send them out without giving them .
I 'm wearing it and get the money back , or change me by the color I want .
That 's great . I trust them because they became vulnerable to me .
I think there 's a great lesson in that .
If you become vulnerable to the other part , that 's a very good proof that you 're worthy of trust , and you have trust in what you 're saying .
So , at the end , I think what we 're looking at is not a very difficult thing to tell .
What people rely on is relationships , and in that framework , they can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust .
Thank you .
From the very beginnings of computers , we 've been working to reduce the separation between us and digital information , the separation between our material world and the world of the screen in which the imagination can be destroyed .
This separation has been shrinking , increasingly , at such a point that today is less than one millimeter , the thick glass thick , and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone .
But I wonder , if there were no barriers ?
I started imagining what it would be .
So first , I created this tool that goes into the digital space , so that when the strong <unk> against the screen transfers its physical body to the pixel .
So designers can <unk> their ideas directly in 3D , and surgeons can practice with virtual organs underneath the screen .
So with this tool , you break the barriers .
But the two hands remain still outside the screen .
How can we get inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity of your hands ?
In the Science Science division of Microsoft , along with my mentor <unk> <unk> , <unk> the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital area area .
And so , I did , and I do , and I would have a depth of cameras to detect the fingers and the face , now you can lift the hands of the keyboard , get into the inside of 3D space , and grab missing pixels directly with the hands .
Like the windows and archives have a location in real space , <unk> is so easy to grab a book from a shelf .
You can flip through the book and point to <unk> or words with the virtual touch sensor that 's down on every floating screen .
Architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with their hands .
In these examples , we 're feeding in the digital world .
And if we invest the papers and make the digital information come into us ?
Surely , many of us will have bought , and I returned things on the Internet .
Now that does n't have to worry about .
What I have here is an online <unk> on the Internet .
This is the vision that you get from a device mounted on your head or elegance when the system understands your body geometry .
If we take this idea further , I thought , instead of just seeing pixels in space , how can we make them physical , so that we can touch them and feel them ?
How would it be a future ?
At the MIT Media Lab with my tutor Hiroshi Ishii and my collaborator <unk> , we created this only physical pixel .
This spherical magnet is behaving like a 3D pixel in space , which means that both the computer like users can move the object anywhere inside this little three-dimensional space .
<unk> , what we did was we touch gravity and control the movement through a combination of MRI , mechanical and detectors .
And by programming the object digitally released the object , we release the constraints of time and space , which means that human movements can be <unk> and go back to breed and stay forever in the physical world .
You can teach them physically and distance , and the famous shot of Michael Jordan can be replicated as a physical reality that we want .
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the movement of the planets , the physics , and , unlike monitors or textbooks , this is a real and palpable experience that you can touch and feel . It 's very powerful .
But what 's more fascinating to change the physical part of the computer is to imagine how programming the world is going to change our everyday physical activities .
As you see , digital information is not just going to show us something , but to begin to act directly on us as part of the physical world around us without having to get us from our world .
We started talking about today 's talk about a barrier , but if we discount that barrier , the only limit that 's left is our imagination .
Thank you .
I became a <unk> for me for two years in <unk> , China , in the '70s .
When I was in first grade , the government wanted to go to a school to athletes with all expenses payments .
But my tiger mother said , `` No . ''
My parents wanted me to become an engineering , like them .
And then to survive the Cultural Revolution , they believe that there was only an accurate path to happiness : a safe and good job .
No matter whether the work I would like or not .
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera singer .
This was me in my imaginary piano .
An opera singer has to start <unk> from very young people to learn the tricks , so I tried everything I could to go to the opera school .
Until I wrote to the director of the school and a radio program .
But no adult would give you the idea .
No adult took me seriously .
Only my friends supported me , but they were children , no authority , like me .
So at age 15 , I knew that it was too much longer to train .
My dream will never come to work .
I was afraid , for the rest of my life , a second second class happiness was the only thing I could aspire to .
And this was so unfair .
So I decided to look for another calling .
Did n't anyone want to teach me ? Okay .
It 's <unk> the books .
[ `` Be <unk> of <unk> ' '' ] [ `` aka <unk> of History ' '' ] [ `` aka <unk> of History ' '' ] I came to America in 1995 , and what were the first books that I read here ?
They were banned in China , of course .
`` The Good Earth '' is about Chinese Chinese life .
And it 's not a <unk> propaganda .
The Bible is interesting , but it 's interesting .
That 's one issue for another day .
But the fifth commandment for me was a revelation , `` <unk> your father and your mother . ''
`` <unk> , '' I said , `` It 's so different , and much better than obey . ''
So it became my tool to get out of this <unk> trap and to reset the relationship with my parents .
I find it with a new culture also led to my comparative reading habit .
Let 's get a lot of perspectives .
For example , at the beginning , this map seemed to me , because this is what students in China learn .
I had never occurred to me , that China did n't have to be in the center of the world .
A map involves people 's perspective .
<unk> is not something new .
It 's a common practice in the academic world .
There is to research fields like religion and comparative literature .
Compare and contrast , it offers academics a deeper understanding of a topic .
And I thought , if the comparative reading worked to research , why do n't we do it in everyday life .
So I started reading books from two .
They can be about people [ Benjamin Franklin '' from Walter <unk> ] [ `` John Adams , '' which were that they were involved in a same event , or friends with shared experiences .
For the Christ , temptation are economic , politics and spiritual .
For the Buddha , they 're all psychological : lust , fear and social duty -- interesting .
If you know another language , it 's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages .
[ `` The Road of <unk> Tzu '' ] Alan <unk> ] [ The ] path of Tao , Alan <unk> , rather than getting lost in translation , found that you can gain a lot of it .
For example , it 's through the translation that I realized that `` happiness '' literally means `` fast joy . '' Ha !
And `` girlfriend '' in Chinese , literally means `` new mother . ''
The books opened up a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present .
I know I 'm not going to feel lonely or powerless .
To have a shattered dream , not compared to what many other people have suffered .
I 've come to believe that accomplishment is not the only purpose of a dream .
Their most important purpose is to connect with the place that dreams come from , where the passion comes from , where happiness comes from .
Even a broken sleep can do that for you .
And it 's because of the books , I 'm here , happy , living again with purpose and clarity , most of the time .
So the books always join you .
Thank you .
Thank you .
When I was in my <unk> , I saw my first client of psychotherapy .
I was a Ph.D. student in clinical psychology in Berkeley .
She was a <unk> woman named Alex .
Alex came to the first session using jeans and a <unk> <unk> , threw up on the couch couch , took my shoes off and said she wanted to talk about his problems with men .
When I heard this , I was so relieved .
My class partner had a <unk> as a first client .
And I was struck by a <unk> that I wanted to talk about men .
I thought I could handle it .
But I did n't .
With the stories that Alex brought the sessions , it made me easy to just move my head while we 'll get the solution .
`` The 30s is the new 20 , '' saying Alex , and what I saw , she was right .
You start to work afterwards , you get home after , you have kids later , even death .
To <unk> like Alex and I had time for a lot of time .
But shortly after , my supervisor , my supervisor pushed me to press Alex who would talk about his loving life .
I was resistant .
I said , `` Of course , it 's coming out of his category , he sits down with a <unk> head , but it 's not as if it was to marry him . ''
And then my supervisor said , `` Not yet , but maybe they get marry next .
Also , the best time to work in Alex 's marriage is before they get married . ''
This is what psychologists call a `` Aha ! ''
It was when I realized the '30s are not the new <unk> .
Yes , people feel a head after what was used , but this did n't make the <unk> of Alex to be a pause in their development .
It made Alex to be the perfect moment and we were wasting it .
So I realized that this kind of a benign neglect was a real problem and had real consequences , not just for Alex and her loving life , but for careers , families and future <unk> .
There are 50 million <unk> in the United States today .
This means 15 percent of the population , or 100 percent , if you consider that no one comes to adulthood without passing them before .
Raise your hand if you 're in your <unk> .
I want to see the <unk> here .
Oh , yeah ! They 're amazing .
If you work with <unk> , they love a rsum , you take off the sleep , you take away , I want to see . It 's okay . Incredible , really matter .
This is not just my opinion . These are the facts .
We know that 80 percent of key moments in life will spend 35 years old .
This means that eight of every 10 decisions and experiences and moments , `` Aha ! '' that shape his life will have happened to when you have 30 and so many .
<unk> people , they do n't panic .
This audience is going to be okay , I think .
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an exponential impact on the amount of money they gain .
We know that more than half Americans are married , they live or they 're coming out of their future partner for 30 years .
We know that the brain ends up its second and final stage of growth in their <unk> and <unk> for adulthood , which means that if there is something you want to change themselves , now it 's time to change it .
We know that personality changes more times during their <unk> than at any other time in life , and we know that female fertility comes to its top to the 28 , and things become complicated to the 35 .
<unk> are the moment to education about their body and their options .
When we think about the development of the child , we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain .
It 's a moment in which its daily and common life has an impact on the person that will become .
But what we do n't hear often is that there 's something called adult development and our <unk> are a critical moment in adult development .
But this is not what <unk> are listening .
The newspapers talk about changes in the timeline of adulthood .
Researchers call them an extended adolescence .
Farmers would give them ridiculous names to <unk> as `` <unk> '' and `` <unk> . ''
It 's true .
As a culture , we 've considered an triviality that is actually the decade that defines adulthood .
Leonard Bernstein said that to make big things , you need a plan , and not enough time .
Is n't it true ?
What do you think happens when you give you a godsend in your head and say , `` Do you have another 10 years to start your life ? ''
Nothing happens .
They stole that person the sense of urgency and his ambition and it does n't happen to absolutely nothing .
And then every day , smart people , interesting , interesting as you or your kids and daughters come to my office and say something like that , `` I know my boyfriend is not good for me , but this relationship does n't count . I 'm just killing . ''
Or they say , `` Everybody says that as I start a career before 30 , everything will be fine . ''
But then it starts to sound something like this : `` My <unk> are for <unk> , and I still have nothing to show .
I had better assume the day I graduated from college . ''
And then it starts to sound like this : `` My dating during the <unk> were like the game of chairs .
They were all running and <unk> , but then at some point around 30 , the music went off and everybody started to sit .
I did n't want to be the only one to stand , so I sometimes think I married my husband because he was the nearest chair when he was 30 . ''
Where are the <unk> here ?
Do n't do that .
Well , that sounds a little bit extreme , but it 's not wrong , the risks are very high .
When you leave a lot of things for the '30s , there 's a huge pressure at thirty and so many of a career , to pick a city , to choose a mate , and have two or three children in a much more short time period .
Many of these things are not compatible , and there 's research that they start showing , which is much more difficult and stressful doing all of once in the '30s .
The middle-aged crisis is not about buying red sports cars .
It 's about realizing you ca n't have the career you want now .
You realize you ca n't have the son you want now , or you ca n't give a brother to your son .
A lot of <unk> and <unk> look at themselves , and me , sitting in the room , and they talk about their <unk> , `` What was I doing ? What was I thinking ? ''
I want to change what <unk> are doing and thinking .
Here 's a story of how it might be .
It 's a story about a woman named Emma .
At 25 , Emma came to my office because I was , in his own words , having an identity crisis .
He said I 'd like to work in art or in entertainment , but I still could n't decide , so I spent the last few years working as a <unk> .
As it was cheaper , I lived with a boyfriend that showed more than ambition .
And despite living a lot of very difficult <unk> , their previous life had been even harder .
They were often often in our sessions , but then she stood up , and she said , `` You do n't choose your family , but you can choose your friends . ''
Well , one day Emma came his head on his legs and cried for almost every hour .
I 'd just bought a new book book , and I had spent all the morning <unk> with her many contacts , but then he stayed looking at the empty space that goes on after the word `` emergency case , please call ... ''
I was about the hysteria issue when he saw me and said , `` Who 's going to be for me if I have a car accident ?
Who 's going to take care of if I 'm cancer ? ''
At that time , I had a lot of work to resist and not say , `` Me . ''
What Emma needed was not a <unk> that was really worried .
Emma needed a better life , and I knew this was the opportunity .
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as I just sit down while the saving of Emma was in front .
So , for the next few weeks and months , I told Emma three things that everybody , man or woman , deserves to know .
First , I told Emma that to forget that identity crisis and <unk> identity capital .
For identity capital , I mean doing something that add value to your person .
Doing something that is an investment in what you want to be after .
I did n't know the future of Emma 's career , and nobody knows the future of work , but I know this : identity capital creates identity capital .
So now it 's the moment for that work on the other side of the country , from that boarding school , that you want to test .
I 'm not <unk> exploration , I 'm rejecting the exploration that should not count , that , by the way , it 's not exploration .
It 's <unk> .
I said to Emma that would explore jobs and to make them count .
Second , I told Emma that urban tribes are <unk> .
The best friends are great to take you to the airport , but the ones who come together with friends with similar minds just when who you know , what they know , how they think , how they talk , and where they work .
That new piece of capital , that new person who comes out almost always comes from the outside of their circle .
The new things come from what they call the weak ties friends of friends of their friends .
Yes , half of them have a bad job or do n't have work .
But the other half do n't , and the weak bonds are the way we get into this group .
Half the jobs are never published , then knowing the chief of your neighbor is the way to get a job did not published .
It 's not cheating . It 's the science of how information is happening .
Finally , not least , Emma believed that you do n't choose your family , but I know your friends .
This was true when I was growing , but as <unk> , Emma soon <unk> his family , when she has a partner and form his own family .
I told Emma that the time to choose his family had arrived .
Maybe you think that 30 is better age to sit down than 20 or even 25 , and I agree with you .
But choosing the person that you live on now , or you 're going to tell you when everyone on Facebook start walking towards an altar is not progress .
The best moment to work in your marriage is before you have , and that involves being so intentional in love as you are at work .
<unk> your family must be a conscious choice of who , and what they want instead of just doing it work , or killing the other to you .
So what happened to Emma ?
Well , we looked at that board , and she found the roommate of a cousin who worked in an art museum in another state .
This weak link helped him get a job there .
That job supply gave him a reason to leave the boyfriend in the living .
Now , five years later , that 's special events of events in museum .
This married a man who chose consciously .
She loves her new career , she loves her new family , and I was sending a letter to it , which said , `` Now the emergency contacts spaces are not big enough . ''
Emma can sound easy , but that 's what I love about working with <unk> .
It 's very easy to help them .
<unk> are like airplanes to come out of the Los Angeles airport , which come out somewhere in the west .
Just before I launch , a slight fit in its trajectory makes the difference between land in Alaska or in Fiji .
In the same way , at the same way , at the age of 21 , a good conversation , a good break , a good TED Talk can have huge effects on the next years or even the next generations .
Here 's my idea worth spreading all the <unk> you know .
It 's as simple as what I learned to say to Alex .
It 's what I 'm privileged now to say to people like Emma every day : <unk> are not the new <unk> , <unk> their adulthood , get identity capital , use their weak ties , choose your family .
Do n't define to define what they did n't know or what they did n't .
They 're deciding their life today .
Thank you .
When I was 27 years old , I left a very expensive job in management management for a job that was even more motivational : faculty .
I went to teach them mathematics to graduate students in New York City .
And as any teacher , I made tests and testing .
I gave them tasks .
When the job comes back , they 're <unk> .
What struck me was that General I.Q . was n't the only difference between my best and my worst students .
Some of those who had a better performance , did n't have I.Q . <unk> .
Some of my smartest children was n't going so well .
And that got me thinking .
The kind of thing you need to learn in mathematics in seventh grade , safe , it 's hard : proportions , <unk> , the area of a parallelogram .
But these concepts are not impossible , and I was so convinced that every one of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and during time enough .
After several years of teachers , I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivational perspective , from a psychological perspective .
In education , the only thing we know about how to measure the better way .
It 's the <unk> , but what if you succeed in school and life depends on much more than the ability to learn differently and easy ?
So I left the classrooms , and I went to college to become a psychologist .
I started studying kids and adults in all sorts of challenging scenarios , and in every study , my question was , who 's successful here and why ?
My research team and I went to the <unk> West Point .
We 're trying to predict what <unk> <unk> in the military training and who they 're <unk> .
We went to the National <unk> , and we tried to predict what kids are going on as far as possible in competition .
We studied professors who are actually working in really difficult neighborhoods , <unk> what teachers are still teaching for the end of the school year and those , who will be the most effective thing to improve their students ' learning results ?
We teamed up with private companies , asking , what of these marketers are going to keep their seat ?
And who 's going to make more money ?
In all of those very different contexts , a feature as an important predictor of success .
And it was n't social intelligence .
It was n't the good appearance , physical health , and it was not <unk> I.Q .
It was determination .
Creativity is passion and perseverance to achieve very long-term goals .
determination is to have resistance .
And determination is to hold onto your future , day after day , not just a week , not just a month , but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality .
Creativity is to live life as if it was a marathon , not a race at speed .
A few years ago , I started studying purpose in the public schools in Chicago .
I asked thousands of high school students that do my tool questionnaires , and then I waited for over a year to see the people who are <unk> .
It turns out that the children with more determination had significantly greater than graduate chance , even when I paired them in every feature that I could measure , things like family income , the results of standardized tests , even the safety of the children who felt kids when they were in school .
So it 's not only in West Point or in the National <unk> of <unk> where it matters to purpose . It 's also in school , especially for children at risk of <unk> .
For me , the most shocking thing about determination is the little thing we know , the little thing that knows science about its development .
Every day , parents and teachers ask me , `` How do you develop the purpose in children ?
What should I do to teach kids a hard job ethic ?
How do I keep them motivated for the long term ? ''
The most honest answer is : I do n't know . What I know is that talent do n't give them purpose .
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals who just do n't keep ahead with their commitments .
In fact , in our data , the determination is commonly not related or even related to talent metrics .
So far , the best idea I 've heard about developing the determination of kids is something called `` growth mindset . ''
This is an idea developed at Stanford University by Carol <unk> , and it 's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed , that it can change with effort .
Dr. <unk> has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes and it grows in response to the challenge , they 're much more likely to get married when they fail , because they do n't believe that that failure is a permanent condition .
So the growth mindset is a great idea to develop purpose .
But we need more .
And that 's where my speech will end , because that 's where we are .
That 's the work we have in front of us .
We need to take our best ideas , our strongest intuitions , and we need to test them .
We need to measure if they 've been successful , and we need to be willing to fail , to be wrong , to start all back with the lessons that we learned .
In other words , we need to be determined about making our children be more determined .
Thank you .
<unk> in Taiwan as a daughter of a <unk> , one of my most <unk> memories is my mother <unk> beauty , shape and shape of Chinese characters .
From that moment , I 'm going to get me through this incredible language .
But for a foreigner , it seems to be as impenetrable as the Great Wall China .
In the last few years , I 've been wondering if I can break down this wall , so whoever you want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it .
I started thinking about how a new and fast method of learning Chinese might be useful .
Since I was five years old , I started learning how to draw each of the strokes in every character in the right sequence .
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years .
Since we only have five minutes , it 's better than we do it in a faster and simple way .
An Chinese academic <unk> <unk> 20,000 characters .
You only need a thousand to understand the basic literacy .
The first 200 of them will allow you to understand 40 percent of basic literature , enough to read traffic signals , restaurant menus , to understand the basic idea of web pages or newspapers .
So today , I 'll start with eight to show you how the method works .
Are you ready ?
You open your mouth as much as you can even be square .
They get a mouth .
This is a person who 's going to take a ride .
<unk> .
If the way of fire is a person with arms on both sides , as if it 's shouting at me , `` <unk> ! I 'm burning ! '' This symbol actually is originally originally by calling it , but I like to believe it 's in the other way . It 's what it will work .
This is a tree .
tree tree tree tree tree .
This is a mountain .
The sun .
The moon .
The symbol of the door looks like a couple of doors of a <unk> in the old West .
I call these eight characters .
They 're building blocks so that they believe many more characters .
One person .
If someone walks back , that 's `` follow . ''
As the old adage , two are a company , three are crowd .
If a person stretch their arms , this person is saying , `` It was that big . ''
The person inside the mouth , the person is stuck .
It 's a prisoner , as <unk> inside the whale .
A tree is a tree . Two trees together , we have a forest .
Three trees together , we also have the forest .
Put a table under the tree , we have the foundations .
Put a mouth on the tree , that 's an `` idiot '' . Easy to remember , because a <unk> tree is quite an idiot .
Remember the fire ?
Two fires together , it 's very hot .
Three fires together , that 's a lot of flames .
Put the fire under the two trees , that 's burning .
For us , the sun is the source of prosperity .
Two suns together , prosperous .
Three together , those are flashes .
Put the sun and the bright moon together , that 's the brightness .
It also means tomorrow , after one day and one night .
The sun comes out on the horizon .
You put a door . Put a table inside the door , it 's the deadbolt out of the door .
Put a mouth inside the door , ask questions .
<unk> , played there ?
This person is coming out of a door , fleeing , <unk> .
On the left , we have a woman .
Two women together , they 're discussing .
Three women together , be careful .
So we 've gone through almost 30 characters .
By using this method , the first eight radical radical will allow them to build 32 .
The next group of eight characters will build another 32 .
So with every little effort , you 'll be able to learn a couple hundred characters , which is the same thing you learn from a eight years old .
So after knowing the characters , we started to create sentences .
For example , the mountain and fire together , we have a mountain of fire . It 's a volcano .
We know that Japan is the land of the emerging sun .
This is a sun placed with the origin , because Japan is to China .
So a sun next to the origin , we create Japan .
One person behind Japan , what do we have ?
A Japanese person .
The character on the left is two stacked mountains up one over the other .
In the ancient China , that meant in exile , because the Chinese <unk> will send their political enemies beyond the mountains .
Today , exile has become a step out .
A mouth that tells you to where I get out of it .
This is a slide to remind me I should stop talking and go down the stage . Thank you .
What I prefer to be Dad is the movies I get to see .
I love to share my favorite movies with my children , when my daughter was four , we saw the magician magician together .
The film mastered his imagination for months .
His favorite character was <unk> , of course .
He gave a good excuse to use a brilliant dress and lead a magic wand .
But when you see that film so many times , you get to understand that it 's extraordinary .
We now live and raise our children in a kind of industrial fantasy shows .
The magician magician was an event itself .
It did n't start that trend .
The trend really took -- 40 years later with , curiously , another film , whose protagonists , a metal guy and a <unk> boy <unk> a girl dressed as an enemy .
You know what I 'm talking about ? Yes .
There 's a big difference between these two films , there 's a couple of great differences between the magician of Oz and all the movies that we see today .
One is that there 's very little violence in the magician of Oz .
The monkeys are pretty aggressive , like the <unk> .
But I think if the magician 's magician do today , the magician would say : Dorothy , you are the salvation of Oz like prophecy .
You use magic shoes to defeat the armies from the evil <unk> .
But that 's not what happens .
Another unique thing about the magician magician is that the most heroic , wise characters are women .
I began to notice this when I did see `` Star Wars '' to my daughter , a few years later , and the situation was different .
At that time , I had a son .
Only three years .
It was n't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that .
But it was the second son , and the level of surveillance was down . And so slid in the room , and he was impressed as a mom with her stones behind , and I do n't think he understood what was going on , but it will be <unk> everything .
I wonder what perceived .
Would you be value issues , perseverance and loyalty ?
Should n't the sense that Luke are an army for overthrowing the government ?
So let 's compare this to the magician with 1939 .
How does Dorothy her film ?
We do good ones with all and being a <unk> .
It 's the kind of world that I want my children to grow , right ? And not a world of men who fight , which is where we are .
Why is it so much an F capital force , force in the movies for our children , and so little off the yellow bricks path ?
There are a lot of literature about the impact of male violence films in girls , and they should read it . It 's very good .
I have n't read so much about how kids react to this stimulus .
I know that the experience that the princess <unk> does n't give me the right framework that would have served me to navigate the world of adults who would be mixed . I think at the moment of the first kiss , I was really hoping that the rights started coming up because it 's the end of the film , right ?
My search has done , I have girlfriend .
Why are they standing there ?
I do n't know what I should do .
The movies focused on defeat the villain and get their reward , and they do n't leave time for other relationships or other adventures .
It 's almost like being a kid , you have to be a dumb animal , and if you 're a girl , you have to use a warrior 's suit .
There are many exceptions , and to defend the Disney princess before any of you .
But they send a message to the kids , even though they , the kids , are not really their goal .
They do a phenomenal job when they teach girls how they defend the patriarchy , but they do n't necessarily show the kids how to defend the patriarchy .
There 's no model for them .
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children , so real and lovely as <unk> and <unk> , but they do n't stop being war movies .
Of course , the most successful issue of all time continues to appear in classic after classical , every one of them about a child 's adventure or a man , or two men who are friends , or a man and his son , or two men who breed a girl .
Until , as many of you are thinking , this year , finally he came out .
I recommend all of you . It 's already available in shops .
Remember what the criticism said when it came out ?
I ca n't believe that Pixar has made a movie of a princess .
It 's good . Do n't let that stop .
Well , almost none of these films happens the <unk> test .
I do n't know if you 've heard about this .
It 's still no roots , and it already spreads , but maybe we 're going to start a movement .
<unk> <unk> is a comic book artist , and in the mid-'80s , I recorded a conversation that I had had with a friend of the movies that they saw .
And it 's very simple . There are only three questions that must be done : In the movie , there 's more than a female character that 's got lines ?
So , you have to fulfill the requirement .
These women talk to each other at some point in the movie ?
Their conversations are about something else from the guy who liked it ? Okay ? Thank you . Thank you very much .
Two women who exist and talk about things each other .
I 've seen it . I 've seen it , and yet I rarely see it in the movie that we know and love .
In fact , this week I went to see a very good quality film , <unk> .
Right ? <unk> Oscar , <unk> , a consensus idea of what a Hollywood Hollywood movie is .
Pretty much , it does n't happen the <unk> test .
And I do n't think it should , because a lot of the movie , I do n't know if you 've seen it , a lot of the movie happens in a embassy where men and women are hidden during the hostages of the hostages .
We have a lot of these scenes of men who have deep and painful conversations in this little bit , and it 's the great time for one of the actors to take a look at the door and say , you go to bed , honey ?
This is Hollywood .
So let 's focus on the numbers .
In 2011 , from the 100 more popular movies , how many of them believe they have female actors ?
Eleven . Not bad .
It 's not the same percentage that the number of women we 've done recently for Congress , so it 's okay .
But there 's a larger number that this is going to be disappointed in this room .
Last year , The New York Times published a study that the government had done .
This is what he said .
In the United States , one in five women says that it 's been sexually assaulted once in their life .
I do n't think it 's the fault of mass entertainment .
I do n't think the movies for children have something to do with that .
I also do n't think that music videos or pornography are closely linked , but something goes wrong , and when I hear that statistic , one of the things that I think is that there 's a huge amount of sex .
Who are those guys ? What are they learning ?
What do you do n't get to learn ?
They 're <unk> the story that says that the role of a male hero is defeat the villain with violence , and then charging the reward , which is a woman who has no friends and does n't talk ?
We are <unk> that story ?
You know , as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter , like those of you who are doing the same thing , we found this world and this very alarming statistic and we want to be <unk> .
We have tools to our disposal as <unk> <unk> , and we hope that that 's helping that , but I have to ask , <unk> <unk> is going to be <unk> if , at the same time , active or passively , we 're educating our children to keep their male power ?
I mean , I think that Netflix list is a way to do something really important , and here I mean mainly to the parents .
I think we have to show our kids a new definition of manhood .
The definition of masculinity is radically changing .
You 've read read about how new economy is changing the role of the home and the <unk> .
It 's all changing .
When I asked my daughter , what was his favorite character of `` Star Wars '' -- you know what he replied ?
<unk> .
<unk> <unk> and <unk> .
What are common in common these two ?
Maybe it 's not just the bright dress .
I think they 're experts .
I think these are the two people in those movies that you know more than nobody , and they love their knowledge to share their knowledge with other people to make their potential .
They are leaders .
I like that kind of stories for my daughter , and I like that kind of stories for my son .
I want more stories like that .
I want less stories in which I 'm telling my son : Go and struggle only and more stories where you see that their work is to join a team , maybe a team led by women , helping other people to improve and be better people , like the magician 's magician .
Thank you .
I lived in Maine , I lived in Maine , and one of the things I liked was to look for sea cookies on the shores of Maine , because my parents told me that I would give me luck .
But you know , it 's hard to find these shells .
They 're covered in sand , and it 's hard to see them .
However , over time , I got used to for them .
I started to see ways and patterns that helped me get to them .
This became a passion for finding things , in a love of the past and archaeology .
And finally , when I started studying <unk> , I realized that I saw my own eyes , not enough .
Because , suddenly , in Egypt , my little beach in Maine had grown up at almost 1,300 miles long next to the Nile .
And my sea cookies had grown up to the size of cities .
This is really what led me to use satellite imagery .
To try to make a map of the past , I knew I had to see otherwise .
I want to show you an example of how different we see when you use the infrared .
This is a place located in the Eastern Delta of Egypt called <unk> .
And the place , the naked eye seems to be brown , but when we use the infrared , and we process it using fake color , suddenly the place looks like a bright rose .
What you 're seeing is the actual chemical changes in the landscape caused by building materials and the activities of ancient Egyptians .
I want to share with you how we 've used the satellite data to find an ancient city , called <unk> , lost for thousands of years .
<unk> was the old Egypt in the old Egypt for over 400 years in a period of time called the Empire is about 4,000 years ago .
The place lies in <unk> , Egypt , and it 's really important because in the Middle Empire , there was this great renaissance of old Egyptian art , architecture and religion .
<unk> have always known that I was located somewhere near the pyramids of the two kings that they built , showing up in the red circles here , but somewhere inside this very big pocket stream .
This area is enormous , it 's about 6.5 miles per mile .
Before , the Nile <unk> right next to the <unk> , and as it changed over time , it moved to the east and covered all the city .
So how do you find a city beyond a long landscape ?
I 'll try to find random would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a haystack , with blindfolded and using baseball gloves .
So , we use data cancer data to make a map of the place , with very subtle changes .
So we were able to see where the Nile was going to do .
But you can see more detail , and it 's even more interesting , this kind of elevated area that you see inside the circle here , that we thought it could be the location of <unk> .
So we collaborated with Egyptians doing sampling jobs ; you can see it here .
When I say to frame , it 's like the shots of the sample of ice , but instead of climate change , we look for layers of human occupation .
Five meters down below a thick layer of mud , we found a dense layer of ceramics .
This means that in this possible location of <unk> , five meters down , we have a layer of occupation of several hundred years that date back from the Middle Empire , exactly the same period that we think is <unk> .
We also found <unk> jobs ; <unk> , quartz and cat -- what proves there was a jewelry shop .
This might seem like it 's not much , but when we think about the most common stones used in the jewelry of the Middle Empire , these are the stones that were used .
So , we have a dense layer of occupation that data from the Middle Empire in this place .
We also have evidence of an elite jewelry shop that proves that what 's been there , was a very important city .
We still do n't find <unk> here , but let 's go to the place in a near future to localize it .
And even more importantly , we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so they can also make great discoveries .
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire , probably was written by 4,000 years ago .
Sharing is the biggest of all the <unk> .
There 's nothing like that on Earth .
So according to it , TED was n't founded in 1984 <unk> C .
Do the ideas happen really started in 1984 B.C . in a lost city not for a long time and found from high .
It certainly puts marine shells in perspective .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
I want to invite you to close your eyes .
Imagine standing outside the door to <unk> home .
I want you to pay attention to the color of the door , to the material that it 's made .
Now we 've got a group of <unk> obese .
They 're competing in a bike race race , and they 're in direction to your front door .
I need to look at this .
They 're loud , they 're sweating , they 're <unk> .
They collide against the door of your house .
There 's bicycles flying around , wheels that go on their side , the rays of the wheels that end up in <unk> , <unk> the threshold of the door .
To the lobby , the hallway , or what 's on the other side of the door , and watch the quality of light . The light shines on the <unk> of <unk> .
He 's waving with the hand .
From his chair , on a brown horse .
It 's a horse that speaks .
You can feel your blue fur on the nose .
You can smell the porridge cookie , and you go from getting into the mouth .
<unk> on one side and enter their living room .
Already in the room , and making the full use of their imagination , imagine Britney Spears .
He 's with little clothes , dancing on their middle table , singing `` <unk> One More Ten Time . ''
Now follow me to the kitchen .
The ground has been coated with a yellow building path , and from the oven comes to you Dorothy Dorothy , the Man of <unk> , the <unk> and the `` The Wizard of Oz '' -- <unk> for you .
Okay . Open your eyes .
I want to tell you about a peculiar competition that takes place every spring in New York .
It 's called the <unk> <unk> of the United States .
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist , waiting , I guess , that this was like the end of a <unk> of wise .
There were several men and a few ladies from different ages and different hygiene habits .
They were memorizing hundreds of random numbers , looking at them just once .
We had the names of dozens and tens of strangers .
<unk> entire poems in just minutes .
<unk> to see who he could memorize the order of a deck of cards .
And I thought , `` This is incredible . ''
These people must be the phenomena of nature .
And I started talking to some of the competitors .
This is a man named Ed Cook who had come from England and has one of the best trained memories .
I said , `` Ed , when you realized you were a wise ? ''
Ed replied , `` I 'm not a wise .
Actually , I have an average memory .
They all participate in this competition , they say they have normal memory .
`` We 've been trained to perform these miraculous acts of memory using some ancient techniques , invented a 2,500 years ago in Greece , the same techniques that used Cicero to memorize their speeches , and that medieval academics used to memorize whole books . ''
And my reaction was , `` Wow . How did you have no ear before ? ''
We were standing out of the classroom , and Ed , who 's a wonderful and brilliant English , but a little bit crank , he said , `` Josh , you 're an American journalist .
Have you known Britney Spears ? ''
And I said , `` What ? No , why ?
`` Because I 'd like to teach Britney Spears how to memorize the order in a deck of cards in live television , on national television .
That will prove to the world that anybody can do it . ''
And I said , `` Well , I 'm not Britney Spears , but maybe you can teach me .
I mean , you have to start with something ? ''
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me .
I ended up spending most of the year the next year , not just training my memory , but also <unk> , trying to understand how it works , why it does n't work and what its potential can be .
I met a lot of really interesting people .
This is a man named <unk> .
He 's <unk> , very likely to the worst memory in the world .
Her memory was so bad that I did n't even remember that I had a memory problem ; it 's awesome .
Someone incredibly tragic , but it was a window that allows us to see what about our memory makes us who we are .
At the other end of the spectrum , I met this man .
This is Kim <unk> . He was based on the role of <unk> Hoffman in `` Rain Man . ''
We went on a afternoon together in the public library of Salt Lake City , memorizing telephone books ; it was sparkling .
And to come back , I read a lot of treaties on the writing memory something over 2,000 years in Latin , in the <unk> and then in the Middle Ages .
And I learned a lot of really interesting things .
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time where this idea of having <unk> and disciplined memory was not a very rare thing as it can be like today .
A long time ago , people invest in their memory , to provide their minds .
These techniques have done our modern world , but they have changed us .
They have truly changed us , and I would argue that they have changed as well .
We have almost no need to remember , sometimes we seem to have forgotten how to do that .
One of the last places on our planet where you still find passionate people through this idea of a trained memory , disciplined and democratic memory is this very unique competition of memory .
It 's actually not so unique ; there 's skills like this all around the world .
I was fascinated , I wanted to know how these people do .
A few years ago , a group of researchers from University College London invited a memory group of memory , the lab .
They wanted to know : Is it brains in some way , structural or different <unk> of the rest of us ?
The answer was , no .
Are they more intelligent than the rest ?
They gave them a cognitive test battery , and the answer was actually not .
There was a really interesting , meaningful difference between the brains of the memory champions and the control subjects that you compared to .
When they put them on a MRI MRI machine , they will <unk> their brains as <unk> numbers , faces and forms of snowflakes in snow , they found that in memory champions parts of the brain , different to others .
They were actually used , or they looked like to use , one part of the brain that involves spatial memory and navigation memory .
Why ? Is there something we can learn from this ?
The list of competitive memorization tournament is management as a arms race where each year has a new way of remembering more things , more quickly , and then the rest of the competitors have to be put on the day .
This is my friend Ben <unk> , three times a memory champion .
On his desk , in front of him , there are 36 <unk> of messy cards that he 's about to try to memorize in an hour , using a technique that he invented and he only mastered .
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of <unk> binary binary .
<unk> . Yes .
And while there 's a lot of ways to remember things in these skills , absolutely all techniques used to be reduced to a single concept that psychologists call <unk> coding .
It stands with a paradox known as paradox `` <unk> . ''
That 's his name .
And then I 'm asking you , `` Remember , there 's a <unk> . ''
And when I go back later , and I ask you , `` Do you remember that word that I told you a while ? ''
`` Remember what was it ? ''
The person who was told that his name is Baker is unlikely to remember that the same word that the person who 's told her work is `` <unk> . ''
The same word , different than memory , that 's weird .
What happens here ?
Well , the Baker name does n't really mean anything for you .
And with all the other memories who are dancing in their head .
But the word `` <unk> '' -- we know the Bible .
They use white hats .
They have a flour in their hands .
They 're going back home to work .
You probably know some baker .
And when we did that word for the first time , we started putting <unk> <unk> for <unk> <unk> .
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this back two years ago in Ancient Greece .
It 's called the memory of memory .
The story says , `` There was a poet called <unk> who attended a <unk> . ''
They had hired as entertainment , because before , if you wanted to give a very good party , you did n't bring it to a DJ , you would hire a poet .
He stood up , his memory poem , and he went off , and so soon it was , the hall hall was collapsed .
We were killing everyone .
But not only killed them all , but shattered the bodies left by <unk> .
No one could say who was there , nobody could remember where they were sitting .
And so they could n't do the <unk> .
A tragedy of the other .
<unk> , I was standing out , only survivor , in the middle of the rubble , I closed the eyes , and I realized that with his mind of his mind , I could see where every guest was sitting .
I took the <unk> family of the hand where they were their loved ones between the rubble .
What you 're going to do to you with at that moment is something that we all know more or less intuitively , and it 's no matter whether we 're not good enough to remember names or instructions or instructions like our colleagues , we have visual memory and spatial memory .
If I 'm going to give you the first 10 words in the history that I just told you about <unk> , it 's very likely to be very difficult to do it .
But I would bet , if you 're telling you to say who I was sitting on the horse <unk> in your lobby , they would be able to <unk> .
The idea of the palazzo is to create this building with the eyes of your mind and <unk> images with the things that you want to remember . The more crazy , a funny , funny , <unk> , <unk> and <unk> be the image , more unforgettable .
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago , to the earliest memory treaties in Latin .
And how does it work ?
Let 's say you 've been invited to the TED stage to give a talk , and you want to do that , in the same way that he would have announced if they had invited him to be invited by 2,000 years ago .
What you might do is imagine they 're at the door of your house .
And to come up with some sort of absolutely ridiculous , crazy image to help them remember that the first thing you want to mention is that competition completely <unk> .
And then you can imagine coming into your house , and see the <unk> of the <unk> on Mister Ed .
And that would remind you that you want to introduce your friend Ed Cook .
And then you would see Britney Spears to remind you that funny story that you want to tell .
And then they entered the kitchen , and the fourth theme that they would talk about would be that strange journey that they did for an entire year , and they have some friends to help you remember it .
So it 's like the Roman speakers <unk> their speeches , not word for word , which will be confused but typical by typical .
In fact , the term `` typical '' comes from the Greek `` <unk> , '' which means `` place . ''
It 's a flood of when people thought about speaking and rhetoric with this kind of space terms .
The phrase `` first '' would be as the first place in your memory palazzo .
I saw this was just fascinating , and I got into that .
I went to some of these memory skills , and I had the idea of writing a long thing about this competitive subculture .
But there was a problem .
The problem was that a memory competition is an boring event .
And seriously , it 's like seeing a lot of people sitting on exams . I mean , the most exciting thing that happens is when somebody gets off the front .
I 'm a journalist , and I need to be able to write about something .
I know there are amazing things happening in the minds of these people , but I do n't have access .
I realized that if I was going to tell this story , I needed to try to put myself in place .
So I began to spend 15 or 20 minutes every morning , before I sit down to see the New York Times , just trying to remember something .
Maybe a poem , or the names of an old school yearbook bought in a <unk> market .
And I discovered this was entertaining .
I would never expect it to be .
It was fun , because it was n't just about training the memory .
What 's actually about doing is to improve more and more the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous , cartoons , <unk> , <unk> , absurd , and hopefully <unk> , in the eye of the mind .
I was hooked pretty much with this .
This is me , using my standard training team for memory competition .
It 's a couple of <unk> and some security glasses covered with tape leaving only two <unk> , because distraction is the worst enemy of a memory competitor .
And I ended up coming back to the same competition that I had covered a year before . I had the idea that it could enter , in a kind of participatory journalism experiment .
I thought this could serve a good epilogue for all my research .
The problem was that the experiment was out of control .
And I won the competition , which did n't have to happen .
Of course it 's nice to memorize speeches , and phone numbers , phone lists , but actually this is not the point .
These are just just tricks .
Because they 're based on very basic principles about how the brain works .
And it 's not necessary to be built on the memory of memory or memorize them of cards , to profit with a little bit of insight into how your mind works .
We often talk about people with a great memory as if it was an innate gift , but it 's not the case .
Great memories are educated .
At the most basic level , we remember when we pay attention .
Let 's see when we focus deeply .
The palace of memory -- these memory techniques , are just shortcuts .
In fact , they 're not even shortcuts .
They work because they make us <unk> .
It 's a kind of deep processing , a kind of attention , which most of us are not supposed to be around .
But the reality is that there are no shortcuts .
That 's how things become memorable .
And if there 's something I want to leave you with today , it 's what <unk> , the <unk> that I could n't even remember had a memory problem , I left me , which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories .
How much are we willing to lose what is already our short existence in the Blackberries or iPhones , not paying attention to the human being in front of us , who walks around our side , we would be so excited that we did n't even get a lot of fun at processing ?
I learned firsthand that there are amazing memory capabilities in all of us .
But if you want to live a memorable life , you must be the kind of person who remembers to remember .
Thank you .
Today I 'm going to talk to you about the last 30 years of the history of architecture .
It 's a lot to cover in 18 minutes .
It 's a complex subject , so we 'll get only a complex place : New Jersey .
Because 30 years ago , I 'm a thousand years ago , I was a couple of six years old and I lived there at my parents ' house in a village called <unk> , and this was my bedroom 's bedroom .
In the corner , from my bedroom , I was the bathroom that shared with my sister .
And in my bedroom and the bathroom , there was a balcony that gave the living room .
And there were all of the time watching TV , so every time I went from my room to the bathroom , everybody looked at me , and every time I got back and I would come back in a towel , you all see me .
And I was like that .
I was awkward , insecure and I hated it .
<unk> that journey , hated that balcony , hated that room and that house .
That 's architecture .
Okay .
Those feelings , those emotions that I felt , that 's the power of architecture , because architecture is not about math , no division of areas , but of those gut , emotional , emotional connections that we feel in the places we deal with .
And it 's not surprising that we feel like that , because according to the Environmental Protection Agency spend 90 percent of their time under the roof .
So , 90 percent of the time are surrounded by architecture .
That 's a lot .
architecture determines us in ways we do n't even realize it .
That makes us a little naive and very , very predictable .
This means that when I show you a building like this , I know what raises you : you think of power , `` stability '' and `` democracy . ''
And I know they think about it so that we 're going to be based on a building , a 2,500 years ago by the Greeks .
This is a trick .
It 's a <unk> that the architects use to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings .
It 's a predictable emotional connection ; we 've used this trick for a long , long time .
We use it 200 years to build banks .
We used it in the 19th century to build art museum .
And in the 20th century , we use it to build houses .
Look , these <unk> <unk> , solid <unk> , in front of the elements .
This is very , very useful , because building things is terrifying .
It 's expensive , it takes a long time , and it 's very complicated .
The people who build them , <unk> and governments , are always afraid of innovation , and they prefer to use ways that they 're going to work .
That 's why we find buildings like this .
It 's a beautiful building .
It 's the <unk> Public Library that ended up in 2004 , in my hometown , and , you know , it has a dome -- columns , red , red stuff , which leave what it is trying to communicate with this building : kids , the stock values , the story .
But it does n't have a whole lot to do with a library today .
That same year , in 2004 , on the other side of the country , ended up another library , which looks like this .
It 's in Seattle .
This library shows how we use media in the digital era .
It 's a new kind of public equipment for the city , a place to meet , read and share .
So , how is it possible that in the same year , in the same country , two buildings , both of them , are so completely different ?
And the answer is that architecture works by the beginning of the pendulum .
On one side is innovation ; architects that constantly bring new technologies , new marijuana , new solutions for the forms of life today .
We 're going to do that , we 're going to say , and we 'll do it so much , that we 've completely gone away from people .
And all of the black , this is broken us . You think we feel very good , but we 're dead in the inside because we have no other option .
We have to go to the other side and go back with those appreciated symbols .
So we 're doing that , and we 're all happy , but we 're all happy , so we start experimenting again ; we do the step back , and we do that again , and again , so we 've done it in the last 300 years , and of course , in the last 30 years .
Well , 30 years ago we came out of the 1970s .
The architects were busy experimenting with the <unk> called `` <unk> . ''
It has to do with concrete .
You can guess .
<unk> small , <unk> .
Something really hard .
So we 're approaching the 1980s , and we started to incorporate those symbols .
<unk> the pendulum again in the other direction .
We take those ways we know that we like and <unk> them .
<unk> neon and we added pies and we use new materials .
They love it .
We do n't give it <unk> .
We 're going to take responsibility and we turned them into skyscrapers , and we turn them into skyscrapers , which can be outdated medieval salt .
The shapes went off , they won in audacity and colorful .
<unk> became columns .
The swans grew up to the size of buildings .
It 's crazy .
But they were the 1980s , that was great .
We all spend the time in commercial malls , and we moved to the neighborhoods , and in the suburbs , we could create our own architectural fantasies .
Those fantasies could be the Mediterranean , to French or Italian .
You may have an endless piece of bread sticks .
This is what happens to the <unk> .
This is what happens with the symbols .
They 're easy , they 're cheap , because instead of creating new spaces , recreating memories of other places .
I know very well , and all of you know that this is not Tuscany .
This is Ohio .
The architects are frustrated , and we started making the pendulum again in the other direction .
In the 1980s and early '90s , we started experimenting with the <unk> called <unk> .
We 're going to have the historical symbols of historical , now we 've got to have new <unk> design techniques , and we found ourselves with new compositions -- a few ways that are attached to other forms .
This is an academic and <unk> , and it 's <unk> ; one is totally excluded .
Normally , the pendulum <unk> again in the opposite direction .
But then something amazing happened .
In 1997 , this building was opened .
It 's the Guggenheim in Bilbao , of Frank Gehry .
This building fundamentally changed the relationship of the world with architecture .
Paul <unk> said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments , when it critics , academic and general public , they were completely agreed on a building .
The New York Times newspaper <unk> this miracle building .
<unk> in Bilbao grew up two percent when the building ended .
So all of a sudden , everybody wanted one of those buildings : Los Angeles , Seattle , Chicago , New York , Cleveland , <unk> .
Everybody wanted one , and Gehry was everywhere .
He was our first star architect .
But how is it possible that these forms , wild and radical , how is it possible to become ubiquitous around the world ?
And it happened , because the media was connected around them , and we quickly learned that those forms meant culture and tourism .
We 've created an emotional reaction with these shapes .
The same thing made the world 's leading mayors .
So everybody believed that if they had these ways , they had culture and tourism .
This phenomenon in the beginning of the new millennium country with other star architects .
It was going to come up and forth to Libeskind , and what happened with these few elite architects at the line of the new millennium , actually began to happen with all the architecture , digital media started to increase the speed of information consumption .
Think about , for example , how we use architecture .
A thousand years ago , they would have to have been walking up to the next town to see a building .
Shipping accelerated : You can take a ship , an airplane , you can be tourists .
Technology speeds up . You can see in the newspapers , on TV , and at the end , we are all photographers , and the building carries beyond its physical location .
The architecture is everywhere now -- that means that the speed of communications has finally reached the speed of architecture .
Because architecture moves so fast .
It 's not accurate accurate to think about a building .
It takes a lot of time to build a building , three or four years , and in that time , an architect can design two , eight , 100 buildings , before you know what I designed four years ago was a success or not .
Because there 's never been good feedback in architecture .
That 's how we find buildings like this .
The <unk> was not a two-year movement , but 20 years old .
For 20 years , we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much the <unk> .
That 's never going to happen again . I think , because we 're at the line of the largest revolution in architecture since the concrete invention , the steel or the elevator , and it 's the media revolution .
My theory is that when it applies to the media , it starts moving faster and faster , and it 's going to swing in both extreme extremes , and it was effectively the difference between innovation and symbol , between us , architects , and you , the public .
We can now make a lot of <unk> , with emotional charges , of something completely new .
I 'll show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently .
We were <unk> to replace this building that caught fire .
This is the center of a village called <unk> on Fire Island , in the state of New York .
It 's a vacation community .
But that meant that two years before the building was completed , it was already part of the community , and as the drawings looked exactly to the product end , there were no surprises .
And the building came to be part of the community . That first summer , when people began to come and share it in social media , the building stopped being a building , it became a half of communication , because these are not just images of a building , it 's the images that you did from the building .
And as you use them to tell your story , they become part of the personal narrative , and that makes you engage with collective memory , and by carrying these symbols , we learn .
I mean , we do n't need the Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture .
We can tell each other what we think about architecture , because digital media has n't only changed the relationship between us , but they have changed the relationship between us and the buildings .
Think about a second in those librarians .
If that building was built today , first we 're going to be the Internet for `` new libraries . ''
I would be bombarded with examples of experiment , of innovation , about what a library can be .
That 's ammunition .
<unk> that can lead to the mayor of Allah , the people of them , and tell them that there is no answer to what a library can be today .
Let 's be part of this .
This abundance of solutions gives freedom to experience .
Everything is different now .
The architects are already not those mysterious creatures that use <unk> words and complicated drawings , and one is no longer a hapless audience that does n't accept something I have n't seen before .
Architects can hear , and you do n't leave to intimidate by architecture .
That means that the pendulum <unk> a way to another , of one movement to another , is irrelevant .
In fact , we can go ahead and find right solutions to the problems facing society .
This is the end of the history of architecture , and it means that the buildings in the morning will be very different from the buildings today .
This means that a public space in ancient <unk> can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city .
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that , a stadium in Brooklyn , and not a bad historical imitation of red brick based on what you should be a stadium .
This means that some robots will be able to build our buildings , because we will finally be ready for ways that are going to produce .
That means that the buildings will spread out to the whims of nature and not the opposite .
This means that a parking garage in Miami in the Miami Beach , Florida , can also serve for sports or yoga , or even one can get married in the night .
This means that three architects can dream of swimming in the East River in New York , and raising half a million dollars of the community together around that cause , is no longer a client alone .
It means that no building is too small for innovation , like this small pavilion of <unk> , as depressed and <unk> as the animals that are going to look at .
Because it does n't matter whether it 's a cow or a robot that builds our buildings .
It does n't matter how we build , what matters is what we build .
The architects already know how to make more ecological buildings , smarter and kinder .
We 've been waiting for all of you .
Finally , we 're not on opposite sides .
Find an architect , <unk> and work together to make better buildings , better cities , for a better world , because there 's a lot of play .
The buildings not only reflect our society , but they give way to the smaller spaces , the local libraries , the homes where we formed our children , and the way to the bedroom to the bathroom .
Thank you very much .
This is my niece , <unk> .
I just turned a year and started walking .
And it makes it great , typical of the children of a year , <unk> , as if his body was moving too fast for his legs .
It 's totally lovely .
And one of the things you like to do for the moment is look to look in the mirror .
She really loves her reflection .
He laughs and <unk> , and it gives itself the same big and wet kisses .
It 's beautiful .
Apparently , all of his friends do this and my mom tells me I used to do this , and he made me think , `` When stopped do this ?
How is it that suddenly we 're not comfortable with our appearance ?
Because apparently , we do n't like it .
Every month , 10,000 people are looking at Google , `` Am I ugly ? ''
This is <unk> , it 's 13 years old and she lives in Denver .
And as any teenager , it just wants to be loved and fit .
It 's Sunday at night .
You 're preparing for next week at school .
It 's got a little bit of fear , it 's kind of confused because , although her mom tells him all the time it 's beautiful , every day in school , someone tells you it 's ugly .
Among what his mom says , and what his friends , or classmates , they say , does n't know who to believe .
So a video of it itself , publishes it on YouTube , and asks others to please leave a comment , `` Am I nice or I 'm ugly ? ''
Well , until now , <unk> has received more than 13,000 comments .
Some of these are so disgusting that it does n't even deserve to think about them .
We talk about a healthy , normal teenager , who receives these answers in one of the stages of their most emotionally vulnerable life .
Thousands of people are posting videos like this , mostly girls trying to communicate this way .
But what is it taking to do this ?
Well , the teenagers today almost never are alone .
They 're under pressure to be online and available all the time , talking , `` I like , '' by talking , sharing , publishing , this is never ends .
Never before we 've been so connected , in continuous ways , instantaneous , so young .
As a mother told me , `` It 's like there 's a party in your bedroom every night . ''
There is simply no privacy .
And the social pressures that they 're going from hand with that are a ruthless thing .
This environment , of being connected to our children to <unk> based on the number of `` I love '' that they have and the kinds of comments they get .
There 's no division between a life online and real life .
It 's really hard to know the differences between what is real or what it is .
And also , it 's very hard to know the difference between what 's authentic and what it 's been manipulated digitally .
What is the most prominent in someone 's life in front of what is normal in a daily context ?
And where are they looking for inspiration ?
Well , you can see the kind of images that are covers on the news of girls now .
<unk> <unk> continue to dominate our <unk> .
The <unk> technique is now a routine .
And trends like : # <unk> , # <unk> , <unk> and <unk> .
For those of the <unk> , <unk> means <unk> .
These trends are associated with women in popular culture today .
It 's not hard to see what young people compare .
But kids are not immune to this .
Like the superheroes of the sports stars , and the singers .
But what is the problem with all this ?
Well , we certainly want our children to grow healthy , and they 're <unk> individuals .
But in a culture obsessed with the image , we 're teaching our children to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance , the price of all the other aspects of their identity .
Things like their relationships , the development of their physical capacities , their studies and other aspects start to suffer .
Six of 10 girls would prefer not to do something , because they think they do n't look pretty enough .
These are not trivial activities .
They 're fundamental activities for its growth as human beings and as a taxpayer to society and the field of development .
31 percent , almost one of three teenagers are not interested in class arguments . They 're going to participate in the classroom , because they do n't want to call the attention for their physical appearance .
One in five are not attending classes at all during the days when they do n't feel comfortable .
And in the exams of exams , if you do n't think you 're looking good enough , specifically if you do n't think you 're thin enough , you 'll get a lower note to the average of your partners who do n't care about it .
And this phenomenon has pervasive in Finland , the United States and China .
And it takes regardless of what these young people actually weigh .
So , to make it clear , we 're talking about how you see , not of how you are really .
The low self-esteem of his body is <unk> the academic performance .
And it 's also <unk> health .
The teenagers with little self-esteem , they 're eating less physical activity , they eat less fruits and vegetables , they 're involved in more diets than they can take to a food disorder .
They have low self-esteem .
They 're more easily influenced by the people around them and they 're at greater risk of depression .
And we thought it 's all over this because of what they make decisions more risky , like alcohol consumption and drugs , a dramatic diet , aesthetic surgery , an aesthetic , early ages and no protection and damage harm .
The search for the perfect body is <unk> to the health system , and our government costs billions of dollars every year .
And we 're not controlling it .
Women who believe they 're overweight again , regardless of whether they have or they have no longer getting higher rates .
The 17 percent of women do n't present to a job interview in one day where they do n't feel secure in the way they look .
Think about a moment in what this is doing to our economy .
If we could overcome this , what would that opportunity ?
It 's about the potential for each of us .
But how do we do that ?
Well , speaking , it does n't take you very far .
It 's not enough .
If you really want to change things , you have to do something .
And we 've learned that there are three key ways . The first one is that we have to instill trust in their own body .
We need to help our teenagers develop strategies to overcome the pressure of the perfect images and build their self-esteem .
The good news is that there are many programs available to do that .
The bad news is that most of these do n't work .
I was very surprised when I learned that many well-meaning programs , without realizing , make the situation worse .
So , we have to make sure that the program that our children follow , not only have a positive impact , but also lasting impact .
And research studies show that the best programs focus on six key areas -- the first is the influence of family , friends and relationships .
These six aspects are crucial points to anyone who are willing to provide an education in body self-worth to work .
An education is fundamental , but dealing with this problem requires every one of us who take the driver 's driver 's driver , and we 're a better model to follow women and girls in our own lives .
It 's challenging the current status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles .
It 's not good to tell with the input of our politicians in fur , or the size of their breasts , or if you realize that the determination or the success of a <unk> athlete depends on the fact that it 's not a great beauty .
We need to start to judge people why they are , not as you see .
All of us can start by making responsibility for the type of images and feedback that we published in our social networks .
We can praise people based on their effort and their actions and not their appearance .
And let me ask you : When was the last time you get a mirror ?
In short , we need to work together as communities , as governments and as companies , to really change our culture , so that our children will grow all their own people , valuing the individuality , diversity , inclusion .
We have to put people who are actually making a difference on a pedestal .
It 's going to make a difference in the real world , let 's make them be the ones that go out on the big screen because we 'll just create a different world .
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves , where the way they think they 're seeing never the <unk> of being who they are , or to achieve what they want in their lives .
Think of what this can mean for someone in their lives .
Who have in mind ?
A wife ?
A sister ?
A daughter ?
Is your niece ? Her friend ?
It could be simply the woman who 's two seats away . What would it mean for her if it was liberated from that voice to be liberated from that voice , which was not having long legs , much more skinny , a shorter belly , a smaller belly ?
What would it mean for her if we would give them this , and you would make the potential for that way ?
Right now , the obsession of our culture with images is holding us all up .
But let 's get our children to the truth .
It turns out that the way you see it is just one part of your identity , and that the truth is that we love them for those who are and what they do , and by how they make us feel .
It empowers self-esteem in all of our schools .
Let 's switch every one of us , the way we talk about and compare to other people .
And we work together as a community , from small groups to governments , so that the small <unk> of a year of age will become safe agents of themselves tomorrow .
Let 's do it .
The five of November 1990 , a gentleman named <unk> <unk> walked into a hotel in Manhattan and killed by the rabbi Meir <unk> , the leader of the Defense League League .
<unk> initially was innocent , but being in jail for other minor charges , in the company of others , they started planning attacks about 12 cones from New York , including tunnels , synagogues and the United Nations headquarters .
Fortunately , those plans was <unk> by an FBI informant .
Sadly , the bomb bomb in the World Trade Center , could n't be avoided .
Later , they would be convicted of their participation in that bombing .
<unk> <unk> is my father .
I was born in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , in 1983 , being an Egyptian engineer , with a loving American mother , a high school teacher , from the two they made everything possible for me to give me a happy childhood .
Only when I was seven years old , our family started to change .
My father taught me a way of Islam , which very few , even most Muslims , come to meet .
For experience , I saw that when people take time to interact , it does n't require a lot to want to want the same things in life .
However , in all religion , in every human group , there 's always a small fraction of people who were going to be so afraid of their convictions who think we need to use all the possible media for everybody to live as them .
A few months before I was arrest him , he sat down with me and explained that in the last weekends , he and some friends , they 'd been going to run out of the shot training on Long Island to practice .
He told me that I would go with him the next day .
We got to <unk> <unk> that , without knowing our group , I was under the FBI .
When I was struck , my father helped me hold the rifle on the shoulder , and he explained how to aim for about 30 feet .
That day , with the last bullet , I gave her little orange light on the target and , to surprise of all , especially mine , all the target broke out .
My uncle went back to others and Arabic , said `` <unk> <unk> . ''
As a parent , such a son .
Everybody , the comment made a lot of laughter , but just a few years later I understood what they were so funny .
You see in me , the same level of destruction that my father could cause .
Those people later would be condemned by putting a stick stick with 700 kilos of explosives in the underground tower in the North Tower of the World Trade Center , causing an explosion that killed six people and hurt another 1,000 .
I admired those men .
He called them `` <unk> , '' which means uncle .
When I turned 19 , I had moved to 20 times . That instability during my childhood was not allowed to do a lot of friendships .
Every time I started feeling comfortable about someone already was time to pack and leave another city .
As I was always , the new face of the class was often the <unk> victim .
<unk> my identity to avoid being the white , but to be the new of the class , silent and <unk> , was enough ammunition .
So most of the time I ran home reading books , watching TV or playing video games .
For these reasons , I did n't develop social skills , to say it gently . For growing <unk> , I was n't prepared for the real world .
I became opera to judge people , based on arbitrary indicators , like race or their religion .
So , how could I open your eyes ?
One of the first experiences that they put to test my thinking was during the presidential elections of 2000 .
In a <unk> program that I participated in the <unk> National Convention in Philadelphia .
My group was getting into the subject of youth violence , and I had been a victim of <unk> almost my entire life , was something that I felt a lot of passion .
The members of this group came from different backgrounds .
One day , to the end of the convention , I discovered that one of the guys who had been done with friendship , was Jewish .
I took several days out of the light this detail , and I realized that there was no animosity between the two .
I had never had a Jewish friend , and frankly , I was very proud to overcome the barrier that all of life had been made to believe that it was <unk> .
Another crucial moment came when I got a summer job in Bush Gardens , an amusement park .
I met with people from all sorts of beliefs and cultures . That experience was fundamental to the development of my character .
All life had taught me that the <unk> was a sin , and an extension , all gay were bad influences .
By the chance , I had the opportunity to work with gay players there , in a show , and I could see that several of them were the most kind of <unk> and less critics I had seen in life .
Having been bullied , he developed a sense of empathy for the suffering of others , but it was n't easy for me to treat nice people , exactly the way I wish I wanted to be treated .
And so I could contrast the stereotypes that I had taught me as a child , with the experience of interaction in real life .
I do n't know how that will be a homosexual , but I know what it is to be judged by something beyond my control .
Then the Daily Show came in .
Every night , Jon Stewart asked me to be intellectually honest about my <unk> , and helped me see that the race of people , religion or sexual orientation , have nothing to do with character .
In many ways , he became my breath at a moment where I was desperately <unk> .
And occasionally , the inspiration can come from the unexpected , and that a Jewish comedian had had a better influence in my life that my own father , extremist , was not in vain .
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my thinking , and she told me something to preserve in my heart forever , while he 's alive .
She looked at me with the <unk> eyes of someone who has suffered enough with endless <unk> and said , `` I 'm tired of hate . ''
At that time , I realized how much negative energy is needed to keep all of that hatred inside .
My real name is not <unk> <unk> .
It changed when my family decided to break my father 's relationship and start a new life .
So why do I decided to go out and put myself in a possible risk ?
Well , it 's simple .
I 've done it because I hope someone , one day , who is to be able to take the violence to violence , can hear my story and understand that there 's a better way , which is that even though I was encouraged to this violent ideology and <unk> , I did n't get a fan of myself .
On the contrary , I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and prejudice .
I do it for the victims of terrorism and their loved ones , because of the terrible pain and the losses that terrorism has produced them in their lives .
For the victims of terrorism , they 're going to talk about those acts of terrorism , as rejection of my father 's actions .
With this simplicity , I 'm showing me that violence is not inherent to any religion or race , that children do n't have to follow the paths of their parents .
I 'm not my father .
Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you very much .
Right now , there 's a film that is projects in their minds .
It 's an amazing <unk> film .
It 's in 3D , and it has <unk> sound of what you hear and see right now . But that 's just the beginning .
Your movie has scent , flavor and texture .
It feels your body , your pain , your hunger , your pleasure .
It has emotions , anger and happiness .
It 's got memories , as a moments of your childhood that 's project in front of your eyes .
And it has constantly a voice superimposed on your conscious thinking .
The heart of the movie is you who experience everything in direct .
This film is your flow of consciousness , the subject of the mind of mind and the world .
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the existence of human being .
Each one of us is conscious .
We all have an internal film , you , you and you .
There 's nothing we know more directly .
At least , I know I have an awareness .
I do n't know that you are conscious .
Consciousness is also the reason to live .
If we were n't aware , nothing in our lives would make sense or value .
But at the same time it 's the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe .
Why are we conscious ?
Why do we have these internal movies ?
Why are n't we just robots that we 're going to have to produce to produce outcomes without experiencing the internal film ?
At this point , no one knows the answers to those questions .
I suggest that to integrate consciousness to science , you need some radical ideas .
Some people say it 's impossible for a science of consciousness .
Science , by nature , is objective .
Consciousness , by nature , is subjective .
So there can never be a science of consciousness .
Because for almost the whole 20th century , we 'll get that vision .
Psychology was studying objectively true behavior , neuroscience , studied the objectively , but nobody mentioned consciousness .
Even 30 years ago , when TED started , there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness .
After , 20 years ago , it all started to change .
<unk> like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Penrose said , `` It 's now the moment for science to make consciousness . ''
And since then , there was a real explosion , a flourishing of the scientific work about consciousness .
And this work was fantastic . It was great .
But it also has fundamental limitations to the moment .
The center of consciousness in the recent years was the search for correlations , correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness .
We saw some of this kind of great work that I presented Nancy <unk> a few minutes ago .
Now we understand much better , for example , the areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling pain or feeling happy .
But this is still a science of correlations .
It 's not a science of explanations .
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences , but we do n't know why .
I 'd like to explain to you , saying that this kind of work of neuroscience responds some questions that we want to explain consciousness , the questions about what certain areas of the brain do and what correlate .
But in a sense , those are the easy problems .
No offense to neuroscientists .
Actually , there 's no problem easy to consciousness .
Well , do n't address the real central mystery of this matter : Why all physical process in the brain has to be accompanied by consciousness ?
Why is it a subjective film film ?
Right now , we can not understand it .
And you can say , let 's give it a few years to neuroscience .
It 's going to become another emergent phenomenon like traffic jam , like our hurricanes , like life , and we 're going to find explanation .
The typical <unk> are all emerging behaviors , how to operate our hurricanes , how they breed , how they reproduce , they adapt and metabolizing the living organisms . They 're all questions about the goal .
That can be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as a emerging phenomenon : how we walk , how we talk about , how do we play chess ; they 're all questions about behavior .
But when it comes to consciousness , the questions about behavior are among the easy problems .
But the hard problem , is the question of why is that all behavior is accompanied by a subjective experience ?
And here it is , the standard paradigm of the emergence , the standard paradigm of neuroscience , actually still does n't have a lot to say .
I am a heart scientist .
I want a scientific theory of the <unk> that works . For a long time , I was beating my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure terms that would work .
But at the end , I got to the conclusion that that did n't work for systematic reasons .
I think we 're going to get stuck at this point .
We have a chain of wonderful explanations . We get used to this -- physics explains chemistry , chemistry explains biology , biology explains part of psychology .
But consciousness does n't seem to fit into this scheme .
On the one hand , it 's a fact that we 're conscious .
On the other , we do n't know how to stand that idea to our scientific worldview .
I think consciousness , right now , is sort of an anomaly , something that we need to integrate to our worldview , but we do n't still know how .
With an anomaly , like this , you can need radical ideas . I think we need ideas that at first look crazy , before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way .
There 's some possibilities for those crazy ideas .
My friend Dan Dennett , which is here today , has one .
Their crazy idea is that there is no difficult problem of consciousness .
All the idea of the subjective subjective film includes a kind of illusion or confusion .
Actually , what you need to do , it 's to explain the objective functions , the brain behaviors , and this is a study of what it needs for you .
Well , more power for him .
That 's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of purely reductionist consciousness , based on the brain .
At the same time , for me and for many others , that vision is quite close to simply deny that the observation of consciousness is satisfying .
But I 'm in a different direction .
In the time it 's left , I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promising .
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is fundamental .
The physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental bricks : space , time and mass .
<unk> laws that govern govern , like the laws of gravity or quantum mechanics .
These laws and properties are not explaining in terms of anything more basic .
On the contrary , you think about fundamental , and you 're building the world .
Sometimes , the list of the fundamental <unk> .
In the 19th century , Maxwell figured out that you ca n't explain the electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental fundamental concepts , space , time , mass , Newton , so I applied the basic laws of electromagnetism , and applied the electrical charge as a fundamental concept that those laws govern .
I think that 's the situation that we find ourselves with consciousness .
If you ca n't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas , space , time , mass , load , then for logic , you have to hate the list .
The most natural thing would be to provide consciousness as something fundamental , a fundamental brick of nature .
This does n't mean that suddenly it 's not the object of science .
It opens up the way to deal with scientifically scientifically .
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness , the laws that connect consciousness to other fundamental concepts : space , time , mass , physical processes .
The physicists sometimes say that we want fundamental laws that we can stamping them in a <unk> .
The situation of consciousness is something like this .
We want to find fundamental laws that we can stamping them on a t-shirt .
We still do n't know what laws are , but that 's what we 're looking for .
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal .
Every system can have a degree of consciousness .
This vision sometimes is called <unk> : <unk> by all , `` <unk> , '' by all , `` <unk> '' by mind , every system is conscious , not only humans , dogs , mice , flies , even the microbes from Rob Knight , the elementary particles .
Even a photon has some degree of consciousness .
The idea is not that photons are smart or think .
It 's not that a photon can be filled with heartbreak when he thinks , `` Oh , always traveling the speed of light .
I can never slow down and smell the pink . ''
No , no .
But the thought is that maybe photons can have some element of raw , subjective feeling , some kind of <unk> precursor to consciousness .
This may sound a little bit crazy for you .
How would anyone think about something so crazy ?
In part that comes from the first crazy idea , that consciousness is a fundamental thing .
If it 's fundamental , like space , time and mass , it 's natural to assume that it can also be universal , just like the other .
It 's also worth noticing that even though the idea seems to us <unk> , it 's much less for people in different cultures , where the human mind looks more a continuum with nature .
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and powerful form of finding fundamental laws that we 're going to do with the physical process , it 's <unk> consciousness with information .
Whenever there is information processing , there 's consciousness .
You know , as complex as a human being , very complex consciousness .
All of the simple information , simple awareness .
Something really exciting is that in recent years , a neuroscientist , <unk> <unk> , took this kind of theory and I developed it rigorously with mathematical methods .
It has a mathematical measure of information integration , which is called <unk> , which measures the degree of information integrated into a system .
And I 'm supposed to do with consciousness .
So in a human brain , there 's an incredible grade of information integration , a high degree of <unk> , a lot of consciousness .
In a mouse , there is a middle degree of information integration , as much significant , degree of awareness of consciousness .
But when it comes to worms , microbes , particles , the degree of <unk> .
The level of information integration is lower , but it 's not zero either .
In <unk> theory , there will still be a different level of consciousness from zero .
In fact given a fundamental law of consciousness : high degree of <unk> , high degree of consciousness .
Moreover , another reason is that <unk> can help us integrate awareness to the physical world .
The physicists and the philosophers have often observed that physics is curiously abstract .
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations , but it does n't talk about the reality underlying the reality .
As Stephen Hawking , `` Where does the fire go out of the equations ? ''
From vision , the equations of the physics can be able to leave themselves , but you can use to describe the flow of consciousness .
That 's what physicists do basically describe the flow of consciousness .
According to this view , consciousness is the one that puts him in the equations .
In that vision , consciousness is not in the physical world as an additive species .
It 's right there in the center .
This vision , I think , vision vision , has the potential to get our relationship with nature , and can have a pretty serious social and ethical consequences .
Some of them can be <unk> .
I used to think that I should n't eat any consciousness , then I had to be a vegetarian .
If you 're a <unk> and you accept that vision , you 'll be hungry .
I think that by thinking about this , this tends to transform your visions , while what matters in ethical terms and moral success is not both the fact that the fact of consciousness , but its importance and its complexity .
It 's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems , like computers .
What about Samantha artificial intelligence system in the movie `` <unk> '' ?
Is it conscious ?
According to the vision of <unk> information , she has a complicated information processing , integrated , so the answer is yes , if you 're aware .
If this is right , you 're diagnosed with a pretty serious ethical problem about the ethic of the developing computer systems and the <unk> ethic .
Finally , you can ask for the consciousness of whole collective , the planet .
Is it your own consciousness ?
Or at a more local level , an integrated group , like the audience at a TED Talk , and right now we have a TED collective consciousness , an inner film for this whole group of TED , different from the inner movies from every single parts ?
I do n't know the answer to that question , but I think at least it 's a question you should take seriously .
So this <unk> vision , it 's a radical vision , and I do n't know if it 's right .
I 'm actually safer in the first crazy idea , that consciousness is a fundamental thing , that of the second , that is universal .
The vision raises a lot of questions , many challenges , like , how those bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness we know and we love .
If we can answer those questions , then I think we go through the right path to a theory of serious awareness .
If not , well , this is probably the hardest problem of science and philosophy .
We ca n't wait to solve it overnight .
But I think we finally will figure it out .
Understanding consciousness is the real key , I think , to understand the universe and to understand ourselves .
Maybe we just need the crazy idea .
Thank you .
I grew up in a small rural village in Victoria .
I had a very normal profile , a low education profile .
I went to school , I sat down with my friends , I 'm going to marry my younger sisters .
It was all very normal .
And when I was 15 years old , a member of my community came to my parents , because I wanted to make a community prize .
And my parents said , `` Well , that 's very nice , but there 's an obvious problem .
She 's actually not done anything . '' And they were right .
I went to school , I had good grades . After school , I had a under profile in my mother 's hair 's hair , and I spent a lot of time looking at the `` <unk> the <unk> <unk> '' and `` <unk> 's Creek . ''
Yeah , I know . What contradiction .
But they were right .
I did nothing that was extraordinary at all .
Nothing that can be considered to be considered if we take disability out of the equation .
A few years later , being in the second part of teaching at a high school school in Melbourne , just after about 20 minutes at the 11 11 minutes , a boy raised his hand and said , `` Hey , when give your speech ? ''
And I said , `` What speech ? ''
Well , I 'd been talking about the law of defamation for a good 20 minutes .
And he said , `` You know , your <unk> speech .
When people in chairs of wheelchair , they talk about things <unk> in school ? ''
`` Usually , in the classroom . ''
And it was then when I realized , this child had had experiences with disabilities as inspiration as inspiration .
And we 're not . And it 's not the fault of the boy , it 's to say , that 's true for many of us .
For us , people with disabilities are not our teachers or our doctors or our <unk> .
We 're not real people . We 're there to inspire .
And , in fact , I 'm on this stage where I do on this wheelchair , and probably you 're waiting for it to inspire you . Right ? Yes .
Well , ladies and gentlemen , I 'm afraid I 'm afraid of it .
I 'm not here for <unk> .
I 'm here to tell you that you 've been lied to disability .
Yes , they have sold us the lie that disability is a little bit of a bad , capital capital , a capital M .
It 's a bad thing and live with disability makes you remarkable .
It 's not a bad thing , and it does n't make you remarkable .
And over the last few years , we 've been able to spread even more this lie through social media .
You may have seen images like this : `` The only disability in life is bad attitude . ''
Or this one : `` Your excuse is <unk> . '' Actually .
Or this one : `` Before abandoning , <unk> ! ''
These are just a couple of examples , but there 's a lot of them .
You may have seen one , from the girl without my hands drawing with an held pencil for the mouth .
You may have seen a child who runs with <unk> legs .
And there 's a lot of these images , which is what we call porn inspiration .
And I use the porn term deliberately , because we 've got a group of people for the benefit of another group of people .
So in this case , <unk> the disabled in the benefit of disabled people .
The purpose of these images is to inspire them , motivate them , so we can see them and think , `` Well , so bad that my life is , it could be worse .
I could be that person . ''
But if you 're that person ?
I 've lost the account of the number of times that I 've been dealing with strangers to express that I 'm brave or an inspiration source , and this was happening before my job had a public profile .
It was like I 'm going to get me up in the morning and remember my own name . And this is <unk> .
These images , those images , those pictures of people with disabilities in the benefit of people without disabilities .
They 're there for you to look at them and think that things are n't so bad for you , or to put your concerns in perspective .
And life as a disabled person is actually a hard thing .
<unk> some things .
But the things that we leave is not the things that you can think of .
They 're not relative to our bodies .
I use the term `` severe people , '' deliberately because I was encouraged by the social model of disability , which tells us we are more disabled because of society that we live because of our bodies or diagnostics .
So I 've lived in this body for a long time .
I 'm very <unk> with him .
The things I need to do , and I 've learned to pull out the best of his capacity as well as you do , and that 's what happens with the kids of those photos as well .
They 're not doing anything out of the common .
They 're just using their bodies by bringing out the best of their ability .
So , is it really just <unk> in the way we do that , when you share those images ?
When people say , `` You 're an inspiration source , '' it says it as a compliment .
And I know why it happens .
It 's because of the lie , because they have sold us this lie that disability makes us remarkable .
And honestly , it does n't do it .
And I know what you 're thinking .
I 'm here talking to you the inspiration , and you think , `` Why is God , you 're not sometimes inspired by something ? ''
And actually , I know I am .
I learn from other people with disability at all .
However , I do n't learn that I 'm more lucky than them .
Now , I think this is a great idea to use some barbecue idea to collect the things that fall down . I 'm asking the ingenious trick of how to charge the battery phone on the battery battery .
Great .
We learn from the strength and the resistance of others , not against our bodies and our diagnostics , but against a world that we 're going to have to do , and we 're <unk> .
I really believe that that lie that you 've been sold about disability is the biggest injustice .
It makes us hard life .
And that quote : `` The only disability in life is bad attitude , '' the reason that that 's lying is because it 's not true , because of the social model of disability .
A lot of smiles with a pool of stairs has never made a ramp .
Never . <unk> on a television screen wo n't show up the subtitles for the deaf people .
It also did n't have a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and incurring a positive outlook to convert all those books to braille .
It 's just not going to happen .
I want to really live in a world where disability is not the exception , but the norm .
I want to live where a 15-year-old girl , sitting in his bedroom , watching `` <unk> the <unk> <unk> '' is not considered to be in a chair .
I want to live in a world where we do n't have as low expectations of people with disabilities that we 're going to be able to stand up from bed and remember our names in the morning .
I want to live in a world where we value succeed of genuine disabilities , and I want to live in a world where an 11 degree in the 11 degree at Melbourne is not a little bit surprised that her new teacher is a user wheelchair .
disability does n't make us remarkable , but to question what you think about what does it do .
Thank you .
What do you have to do with augmented reality and professional football , with empathy ?
And what is the average speed of a swallow without charge ?
Unfortunately , I 'm just going to answer one of those questions , so , please do n't get rid of .
When people think of augmented reality , they think of `` Minority Report '' and Tom Cruise <unk> the hands in the air , but augmented reality is not science fiction .
augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and will happen because we have the tools for it , and people need to know , because augmented reality change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones .
So how do we get to augmented reality ?
The first step , this is what I 'm wearing : `` Google Glass . ''
I 'm sure many are familiar with them .
What you may not know is that Google Glass are a device that allows you to see what I see .
It will allow you to experience what 's a professional athlete in the field .
Right now , the only way to be in the field is that I 'm trying to make it <unk> .
I have to use words .
I have to create a framework that you will fill with your imagination .
We can use Google Glass , underneath a helmet and know what it is to run through the game of play at 160 miles per hour , the blood hitting your ears .
We can know that it feels like a man of 110 pounds of us <unk> us , trying to deal with everything .
I 've been there and I assure you it 's not pleasant .
So I 've got some videos to show you what is to use Google Glass under the helmet , and give you an idea of that .
Unfortunately , it 's not some of the NFL practices , because the idea of emerging technology is a submarine rising up to the surface , but we do what we can .
So let 's look at a video .
Chris <unk> : Come on .
It 's horrible to be <unk> .
A moment . <unk> a little bit .
Are they ready ?
Go !
Chris <unk> : As you can see , it 's a <unk> of what 's going to be <unk> in the football field , from the <unk> perspective .
You may have realized that we need people , the rest of the team .
We have a video of them , courtesy of the University of Washington .
<unk> out of field : mice 54 ! Mice !
Blue eight , eight ! Come on !
Chris <unk> : This is a little bit more about the feeling that I 'm going to be in the field , but it has nothing to do with the NFL .
<unk> want that experience .
<unk> want to be in the field , to be your favorite players , and you have asked me on YouTube and Twitter , `` You can see from the angle of a <unk> .
or a corridor ?
We want to experience that . ''
Once we have that experience with <unk> and Google Glass , how do we go through a full level , how do we take it to the next level ?
We took it at that level using something called <unk> Rift , which probably many you already know .
The Rift Rift has been described as the most realistic reality device ever created , and it 's not cheap .
And I 'm going to show you why , with this video .
Man : Oh , oh !
No , no , no ! I do n't want to keep playing ! No !
Oh my God ! Ah !
CK : That 's the experience of a man on a roller coaster standing for his life .
What will be the experience of a fan when you put a video from Adrian <unk> across the line , ready for a <unk> with the arm before running and doing a notation ? What will be the experience of a fan .
When I can be able to run through the court , throw the ball into the bottom of the network , or do you want to do it in Wimbledon ?
What will be your experience when it 's going to go from a mountain at more than 100 miles an hour as a <unk> skier ?
Maybe you 're going to get off the sales of diapers for adults .
But this is not still augmented reality .
It 's just virtual reality , <unk> .
How do we achieve augmented reality , <unk> ?
<unk> augmented reality when coaches , <unk> and owners look at what people want to see and think , `` How do we use this to improve our equipment ?
How do we use it to win games ? ''
Because they always use technology to win .
They like to win . They give money .
So , here 's a brief overview about the NFL .
In 1965 , the Baltimore <unk> put a <unk> to his <unk> field to play faster .
They won the Super Bowl that year .
Other teams decided to imitate them .
More people saw the game because it was more exciting , faster .
In 1994 , the NFL , put radios on the field of <unk> , and then on the defenses of the defenses .
They had more viewers because it was faster , more fun .
In <unk> , imagine that you 're a player coming back to your group , and you see their next step in front of you , in a plastic bombsight that you 're wearing . You ca n't have to worry about to forget a step .
or memorize the strategy .
They just go out to the field and they react .
And the coaches want it because if they do n't follow their instructions , they lose themselves , and they hate parties .
If you lose games as a coach .
And they do n't want that .
But augmented reality is not just a better strategies .
augmented reality is a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your game .
How would you do ?
Well , a very simple option would be to have a camera on every corner of the stadium having a view from the top of the people that is down .
You also get information from the sensors and <unk> , something that 's already been working on .
And all of that information is sent to your players .
The good teams will know the send .
The bad guys will have information overload .
This is going to make good teams of the bad guys .
So , your computer team will be as important as your scouts , and the data analysis will stop being for nerds .
Is it also for athletes . Who would have imagined ?
How would it be in the field ?
Imagine that it 's the field of field .
Let 's get the ball and <unk> .
It 's an open receptor . And all of a sudden , a flashlight on the left of your bombsight , let me tell you that a defense behind you is going to <unk> it , normally , you would n't see it , but the <unk> system will tell you .
Let 's go to the protection area .
Another flashlight would give you that there 's an open receptor .
It 's going to give you the ball .
And the ball loses the trajectory .
You do n't know where to land , yet the receptor sees in its bombsight , an area of grass that is lights up and can modify the race .
He 's coming up , he picks up the ball , runs and record .
The audience is crazy and the fans have been followed by every single angle .
This is something that creates massive emotion in the game .
I 'm going to make lots of people see it , because people want to live that experience .
<unk> want to be in the field .
They want to be your favorite player .
<unk> reality will be part of the sport because it 's too cost-effective to not be .
But what I ask you is : Do we want this to be the only use of augmented reality ?
Are we going to use it as bread and circus , like our usual entertainment ?
Because I think we can use it for something else .
I think we can use augmented reality to foster the empathy between human beings , to show someone what it is , literally , being in the other person 's place .
We know what this technology is worth for <unk> .
It generates billions of revenue a year .
But how much is this technology for a professor in the classroom trying to show a <unk> of how harmful their actions are from the victim of the victim ?
How much is this technology for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how are they being pursued ?
How much is it also for an Hadfield <unk> or an Neil <unk> Tyson , trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science instead of <unk> and <unk> ?
Ladies and gentlemen , augmented reality .
The questions that we do , the decisions we take and the challenges that we face , depend , as usual , of us .
Thank you .
I recently retired after 23 years of service on the <unk> California <unk> .
Most of those 23 years ago , I spent the <unk> over the south of <unk> County , which includes the Golden Gate Bridge .
The bridge is an iconic structure , which is called the world for its beautiful view of San Francisco , the Pacific Ocean , and its inspirational style .
Unfortunately , it 's also a magnet for suicide , being one of the most used places in the world .
The Golden Gate Bridge was open in 1937 .
Joseph Strauss , a working head of building the bridge , said that , `` The bridge is virtually to test suicide .
<unk> from the bridge is no practical or practical . ''
But from their openness , over 1,600 people have jumped to their death from that bridge .
Some people think that travel between the two towers , taking them to another dimension , this bridge has idealized as such , so that each of it releases you all of your concerns and pain , and the waters that go underneath your soul .
But let me tell you that happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide .
After one every free of four to five seconds , the body crashes against the water about 120 miles an hour .
The impact breaks down , some of which extend vital organs .
Most of them die in the impact .
The ones that do n't , they would usually go into the helpless water and then they drown .
I do n't think that the ones that we had to do this suicide approach will realize the death that they 're going to face .
This is the wire .
Except about the two towers , there are 32 inches of parallel steel in the bridge .
This is where most people are in order to get their life out .
I can tell you that once the person is on that edge , and in your darker time , it 's very hard to bring them back .
I took this picture last year while this young man was talking with an official writing his life .
I want to tell you with joy we had successful that day to bring it back on the railing .
When I started working on the bridge , we did n't have any formal training .
<unk> to channel the path through these calls .
This was not just a bad service for those of us who had suicide , but the officers also .
We 've come a long way since then .
Today , veterans are trained to train new officers .
This is Jason <unk> .
I met him on July 22 last year by receiving a call of suicide subject sitting in the cord near the center .
<unk> , and when I arrived , I looked at Jason talking to an official the Golden Gate Bridge .
Jason was just 32 years old , and he had flown up here from New Jersey .
In fact , I had flown up here twice from New Jersey to try to commit suicide from this bridge .
After about an hour , talking to Jason , I asked , if we knew the story of Pandora 's box .
<unk> the Greek mythology , <unk> created Pandora , and sent it to the Earth with a box , and he said , `` Never open that box . ''
Well , one day , curiosity could be more than Pandora , and she opened the box .
From she came from pests , sorrows , and all sorts of ills against man .
The only good thing in the box was hope .
Then Jason asked us , `` What if you open the box and there 's no hope ? ''
He stopped a little bit , he leaned on the right , and it was .
This kind of nice and smart guy from New Jersey had just taken out of life .
I talked to the parents of Jason that night , and I guess when I was talking to them , it did n't seem to be ringing , because the next day , the rabbi of the family called me to see how it was .
Jason 's parents had been asked .
<unk> damage influence a lot of people .
I ask you these questions : What would you do if a member of your family , a friend or someone loved it was suicide ?
What would you say ?
What to say ?
In my experience , you do n't just have to talk , but you have to listen .
Listening to understand .
You do n't know , <unk> , or say to the person you know how it feels , because you probably do n't know .
Just being there , you can be the tipping point you need .
If you think somebody is suicide , you do n't fear from <unk> and ask the question .
One way to ask them the question is , `` Other people in the circumstances have thought about to end your life ; you 've had these thoughts ? ''
It would save the person in front of you , they can save the life and be the tipping point for them .
Other signs to search for : despair , believe that things are terrible and they 're never going to improve ; they 're going to argue , to believe that there 's nothing you can do about it -- recent social isolation , and a lost interest in life .
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago , and I got an email from a lady , and I 'd like to read you your letter .
She lost his son on the 19th of January this year , and he wrote this email just a couple of days ago , and it 's with her permission and I was blessing that I read .
`` Hello , Kevin . I imagine you 're at the TED conference .
It must be a whole experience to be there .
I 'm thinking I should go on foot to foot this weekend .
I just wanted to leave you a note .
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to your friends who tell her friends , and so on .
I 'm still quite numb , but noticing more times to realize that Mike 's not going to go home .
Mike was driving to San Francisco to see the game of 49 with his father on the 19th of January .
He never came there .
I called the police of <unk> and reported it as disappeared that night .
Next morning , two officers came to my home and reported that the car of Mike was down on the bridge .
A witness would have seen it jump from the bridge to <unk> at the afternoon .
Thank you very much for fighting for those who may be temporarily <unk> to fight for themselves .
Who has n't been previously wrong without suffering a real mental illness ?
It should n't be so easy to end with it .
My prayers are with you for your struggle .
<unk> , the Golden Gate Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay , not a cemetery .
Good luck this week , <unk> .
I ca n't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and go to the road that his son took that day , and also the value to go ahead .
I 'd like to introduce you to a man that I mean with hope and value .
On March 11 , 2005 , I said to a radio call for a possible subject of suicide subject on the bridge on the bridge near the north tower .
I <unk> my motorbike on the sidewalk and watched this man , Kevin <unk> , standing on the sidewalk .
When he saw me , he crossed the railing immediately , and he stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower .
During the time and a half , I heard as Kevin talked about his depression and despair .
Kevin decided on his account to come back on that lane and give her another opportunity .
When Kevin went back , <unk> it .
`` This is a new start , a new life . ''
But I said , `` What did he do that you went back and gave the hope and life another opportunity ? ''
And you know what he told me ?
He said , `` I 've heard me .
You leave me talking and just heard . ''
Shortly after that incident , I got a letter from the mother of Kevin , and I have that letter with me , and I 'd like to go to you .
`` Dear Lord <unk> , nothing erase the 11th events of March , and you 're one of the reasons why Kevin follows us .
Honestly , I think Kevin was <unk> for help .
It 's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it 's been properly properly .
She took Kevin to Kevin when I only had six months , completely unconscious of all those traits , but , thank God , we now know .
Kevin is in order , as he says .
We thank God for you .
Honestly , in debt with you , <unk> <unk> . ''
And at the end , she writes , `` <unk> . When I went to San Francisco San Francisco at the night , you 're <unk> like the patient .
`` Well , I know I had to solve it ! ''
Today , Kevin is a loving father and an active member of society .
It speaks openly about the events of that day and their depression with the hope that their story inspire others .
suicide is not just something that I 've been found at work .
It 's personal .
My grandfather was killed by poison .
That act , despite the end of the end of my own pain , stealing meet .
This is what suicide does .
For most of the suicide people , or those who consider suicide , they would n't think of hurt someone else .
They just want their own pain over .
Typically , this is actually achieved by three ways : sleep , drugs or alcohol or death .
In my career , I 've answered , and I 've been involved in hundreds of mental illnesses and calls from suicide around the bridge .
Of those incidents that I 've been directly involved in , I 've only lost two , but those two are too much .
One was Jason .
The other was a man who talked about about an hour ago .
So during that time , I was holding my hand in three times .
At the end , I looked at me , and he said , `` Kevin , I 'm sorry , but I have to go . ''
And I jumped .
Awful , absolutely awful .
I want to tell you , though , the vast majority of the people that we get in contact with that bridge is not suicide .
In addition , those few people who have jumped from the bridge and lived , and they can talk about it , that one and two percent , most of those people have said that the second they leave on the side of the railing they realized they had made a mistake and wanted to live .
I tell people , the bridge does n't only connect to <unk> with San Francisco , but also people .
That connection , or a bridge we do , is something that everyone and each one of us should be struggling to do .
suicide can prevent .
There are help . There is hope .
Thank you very much .
The world makes you be what you 're not , but in your interior you know what you are , and a question gives you : How do you become that ?
I have to be something unique in that sense , but I 'm not alone , in any way I 'm alone .
When I became a model , I felt that I had finally achieved the dream I had ever had since .
My outside , finally , <unk> with my inner truth , with my inner self .
For the reasons for reasons , I 'm going to go over later , when I look at this picture , I think , `` Did n't get done it , you got it , you got . ''
But last October , I discovered that I 'm just starting .
We 're all driven by our families , our religion , our society , our moment in history , even our bodies .
Some of them have the value of liberation , to get rid of the <unk> limitations of the skin or the beliefs of those around us .
They 're people who are always challenging the status quo , which is considered accepted .
In my case , the last nine years , many of my neighbors , a lot of my friends , my agent , I even ignored my story .
I think this puzzle is called revelation .
This is mine .
I signed up as `` child '' at birth because of the appearance of my genitals .
I remember my five years in the Philippines , in my house , I 'd always wear this t-shirt in my head .
And my mom asked me , `` Why do n't you get that t-shirt in your head ? ''
I said , `` Mom , it 's my hair . I 'm a girl . ''
I knew then how to fix it .
The gender has always considered a unchanging fact , but now we know that , really , it 's something more complex and mysterious .
Because of my success , I 'm never going to share my story , not because I thought I 'm bad , but how the world tries to get free .
Every day I appreciate being a woman .
I have a mom , Dad and a family who accept me as I am .
Many are not so fortunate .
There 's a long tradition in Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender .
There is a Buddhist god of compassion .
There 's a Hindu goddess , there 's a <unk> goddess .
And when I was eight years old , I was at a party in the Philippines that celebrated these mysteries .
I was in front of the stage , and I remember that this beautiful woman appeared to me , and I remember that moment as if something <unk> me : This is the kind of woman I want to be .
And when I was 15 years old , when I was still wearing a man , I met this woman called <unk> .
It 's the principal of a transgender beauty contest .
That night she asked me , `` Why have you not involved in the beauty competition ? ''
He told me that if she was responsible for the valentine of valentine and the costume , and that night , I won in a bathroom suit , won on <unk> , and he was a third finalist between over 40 candidates .
That moment changed my life .
Suddenly , I was in the world of the <unk> of beauty .
Not many people can say that their first job was the queen of transgender women , but I can .
I also met the god of <unk> , especially when we traveled to the remote provinces of the Philippines .
But more importantly , I met my best friends in that community .
In 2001 , my mom , who had moved to San Francisco , called me and told me that passed my green card request that I could go to live in the U.S .
I was resistant .
I said to my mother , `` Mommy , I 'm having fun .
I 'm here with friends , I like to travel and be a queen of beauty . ''
But then , two weeks later , I called me and said , `` You know if you 're silent for the United States , you can change your name and your gender identity ? ''
It was all I needed to listen .
My mom suggested I 'd put it two `` and '' to my name .
She also accompanied me when I was operated in Thailand at age 19 .
It 's curious that in some of the most rural cities of Thailand do the more surgeries , sophisticated and safe .
At that time in the United States , it was necessary to get surgery before the name and gender .
So , in 2001 , I went to San Francisco , and I remember looking at the driving license with the name of <unk> and the `` F '' of gender gender .
It was a great moment .
For some people , their identity document means to be able to drive or be able to get a drink , but to me was the license to live , to feel worthy .
Suddenly , my fears saw <unk> .
I felt that I could conquer my dream and move to New York , and it will be model .
Many are not so fortunate .
I think of this woman from <unk> <unk> <unk> .
A young woman from New York City who lived was alive , but that , <unk> , ended up to his life .
For many of my community , that 's the reality that they live .
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population .
All 20 of November we do a global <unk> by the <unk> Day .
I 'm on this stage because of a long history of people who are <unk> and stood in front of injustice .
These are Marsha P. Johnson and Sylvia <unk> .
Today , right now , I 'm coming out of the closet .
I ca n't keep living on my truth , and just for me .
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame , no fear .
I 'm here , <unk> , so that one day no longer there are no longer than 20 in November .
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am .
Do you ?
Thank you very much .
Thank you , thank you . KT Schulz : <unk> , a quick question .
<unk> <unk> : Sure . You see , first , thank you with all my blessings .
The support network , my parents , especially my family , who is very strong .
I remember all the times that I 've been young young women , who I 've faced , and sometimes , when they called me and told that their parents could n't accept it . I took the phone , called my mom and said , `` Mommy , can you call this woman ? ''
Sometimes it worked , others do n't . It 's just gender identity , that 's what is in the center of what we are , right ?
I mean , we 're all assigned a gender at birth , and what I 'm trying to do is put on the table that sometimes sometimes that allocation is not a block , and that there should be a space that would allow people to do , and this is a conversation that we should have with parents , with colleagues .
The transgender movement is <unk> compared to the gay movement .
There 's still a lot of work to do .
There should be understanding .
I should have space for curiosity and ask questions , and I hope you 're all my allies .
KS : Thank you . <unk> : Thank you .
In a lot of patriarchal and tribal societies , the parents usually meet their children , but I 'm one of the few parents who 's known for her daughter , and I 'm proud of it .
<unk> started his campaign for education defending her rights in 2007 , and when his efforts went into 2011 , the <unk> National Peace Prize was made very famous , a very popular girl in his country .
Before that , I was my daughter , but now I 'm his father .
Ladies and gentlemen , if you take a look at the history of mankind , the story of women is the history of injustice , of inequality , of violence and exploitation .
You see , in patriarchal societies , just from the beginning , when I was born a little girl , his birth is not celebrated .
It 's not welcome , nor for her father , or his mother .
The neighborhood comes out , it gives her to the mother and no one <unk> the father .
And a mother takes a lot to have a child .
When it gives birth to the first girl , the first daughter , he gets sad .
When it gives birth to the second daughter , he was <unk> , and with the hope of a son , when he shines his third daughter , he feels guilty as a criminal .
Not only the mother suffers , but the daughter 's newborn daughter , when it grows , it suffers too .
At the age of five years , when I should go to school , it 's left home , and the school gives her siblings .
Even the age of 12 , in some way , has a good life .
You can have fun .
You can play with your friends on the street , and you can move through the streets as a butterfly .
But when it comes into adolescence , when it 's 13 years old , he 's just a little bit of her home from his house without a male companion .
He 's confined to four walls of their house .
It 's no longer a free person .
It becomes called the honor of his father and her brothers and her brothers and her family , and if you were to make the code of that honor of course , it could even kill .
And it 's interesting that this assumption code , not only affects a girl 's life , also affects the life of male members of the family .
So this brother , <unk> the joys of his life and happiness from his sisters in behalf of the honor of honor .
And there 's a standard of the patriarchal societies that 's called compliance .
A good girl is supposed to be very quiet , very humble and very <unk> .
It 's the criteria .
The model of a good girl must be <unk> .
It 's supposed to be silent and who accepts their father 's decisions and her mother and the decisions of the elderly , even if it does n't want .
If you marry a man who does n't like or if you marry an old man , it has to embrace it , because he does n't want to be <unk> .
If it was very young marry , it has to accept it .
Otherwise , <unk> <unk> .
And what happens at the end ?
In the words of a poet , `` marry , <unk> , and then gives birth to more children and daughters . ''
And the irony of the situation is that this mother , <unk> the same lesson as opposed to his daughter and the same honor to his children .
And this vicious cycle continues , and it continues .
<unk> brothers and sisters , when he was born , and for the first time , believe me , I do n't like the newborns , to be honest , but when I was there and looked at her eyes , believe me , I was extremely honored .
And so much before I was born , I thought about his name , and I was fascinated with a legendary feisty of freedom in Afghanistan .
His name was <unk> from <unk> , and he called my daughter like this .
But when I looked at it , they were all men , and I grabbed my pen , and I would give you a line of my name , and I wrote , `` <unk> . ''
And when she grew up , when she was four and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half years old , my school in my school .
You might ask , why should I mention the admission of a child in a school ?
Yeah , I 've got mentioning .
You can take it for granted in Canada , in the United States , in many developed countries , but in the slums , in the patriarchal societies , in tribal societies , it 's a great event for a child 's life .
<unk> at a school means recognition of your identity and his name .
One admission to school means that it has come into the world of dreams and aspirations where it can explore its potential for future life .
I 've got five sisters , and none of them could go to school , and they would be surprised , two weeks before , when I went to the Canadian visa form , and I was in the relative part to the family , I could n't remember the family of some of my sisters .
And the reason I had never seen the names of my sisters written in any document .
That was the reason I value my daughter .
What my father could not give my sisters or his daughters , I thought I had to change it .
I used to appreciate the intelligence and the <unk> of my daughter .
<unk> to sit with me when my friends came to see me .
He encouraged him to go to different meetings .
And all of these values , I 've tried to get them into their personality .
And this was n't just for her , just to get it back .
I 've spent all of these good values in my school to girls and boys alike .
I used the education for the emancipation .
I taught my daughters , taught students , to forget the lesson of compliance .
I taught students to forget the lesson called <unk> .
<unk> brothers and sisters , fighting for more rights for women , and we fought for more and more space for women in society .
But we find a new phenomenon .
It was lethal for human rights , and in particular , for women 's rights .
It was called <unk> .
That means a complete denial of the involvement of women in all of the political , economic activities , social activities .
Hundreds of schools lost .
The girls were banned to school .
Women were forced to use <unk> , and they stopped going to markets .
The musicians were silenced , girls , and the singers killed .
<unk> millions , but a few people talked , and it was terrifying to have around those people who kill and <unk> when you talk about their rights .
It 's really frightening .
At the age of 10 , I grew up and got up and got up on the right to education .
He wrote a newspaper for the BBC blog , he offered her himself for the New York Times , and he talked about every platform that he could .
And his voice was the most powerful voice .
It 's called a <unk> around the world .
And that was the reason that the Taliban could not tolerate their campaign and the ninth of October , 2012 , was shot in his head .
It was a day <unk> for my family and me .
The world became a big black hole .
Whereas my daughter was <unk> between life and death , whispered her to my wife , `` Should I blame my daughter , your daughter ? ''
And <unk> said to me , `` Please , do n't tell you .
And we would have a fair cause .
It empowers your life in play by the cause of truth , because of the cause of peace , and by the cause of education , and your daughter inspired you and joined .
Both were on the right path and God protect . ''
These few words would be a lot for me , and I did n't ask to ask again .
When I was in the hospital , and I had severe pains and very strong pains , because his facial nerve was cut , I used to see a dark shadow that was attached by my wife 's face .
But my daughter never complained .
I used to tell you , `` I 'm good with my <unk> smile and <unk> in my face .
I 'll be okay . Please do n't worry . ''
It was a comfort for us , and it was <unk> .
<unk> brothers and sisters , we 've learned from it how to resist the hardest moments , and I 'm happy to share with you that even though it 's an icon for children 's rights and women , it 's like any <unk> girl .
He cries when he 's not finished .
He 's a fight with her siblings , and I 'm very happy for that .
So people ask me , `` What about special in my mentoring that 's made so bold to <unk> so brave , expressive and <unk> ? ''
I say , do n't ask me what I did .
What I did n't do .
I did n't cut your wings , and that 's all .
Thank you very much .
Thank you . Thank you very much . Thank you .
I was working in the brain 18 years ago , and from that day , the science of the brain has become a personal passion .
I 'm engineering .
And I want to tell that I 've recently joined the <unk> group , and I want to tell you that I 've recently joined my office -- the <unk> of Google 's visualization , but all the work I 'm going to talk about today about the science of the brain , I made it before I join Google or outside my work there .
So having said this , there is a stigma when you get into a brain operation .
Do you still be equally smart or not ?
If you 're not going to be smart , can you be smart ?
After neurosurgery , I was missing a part of the brain , and I had to live with it .
It was n't the gray matter , but it was the sticky part of the center that creates important hormones and neurotransmitters .
Immediately after the operation , I had to decide how much to take , of more powerful chemicals every day , because if I did nothing , I would die in a few hours .
Every day , for the last 18 years , I 've had to decide about the combinations and mix with chemicals , and try to get a bunch of them to keep alive .
More than I 've been saved by a little bit .
But luckily , I have a soul of <unk> , so I decided that I would live to try to get the doses of <unk> , because it really does n't have a clear map to say it in <unk> .
I started to try with different mixes , and I was amazed by looking at how small changes in the dose changed my <unk> , my sense of who I was , my thinking , my behavior with others .
A particularly impressive case : for a few months , I had a dose dose and chemical chemicals for a <unk> man , and I was surprised to see how my thoughts changed .
I was always angry , I thought all the time in sex , and I thought it was the smartest person around the world , and -- of course , many times in the past , I 've met several types of types , or maybe some <unk> versions .
It turned out as an extreme .
But my big surprise was that I was n't trying to be arrogant .
In fact , I was trying to , a little insecure , fixing a problem that I had in front of , and just not happen .
So I could n't handle it .
My dose changed .
But , I think that experience gave me a new appreciation of men and what they have to go through . From then I 'm getting better with men .
What I was trying to do is to adjust those hormones and neurotransmitters and so forth , was to regain my intelligence after the disease and the operation -- my creative thinking , my flow of ideas .
I used to think about it almost always in images , and that became my key reference point : how to get those mental images that I use to create <unk> , my ideas , if you want ? Testing new ideas and recreating .
This kind of thoughts is not new .
<unk> like Hume , Descartes and Hobbes look at things like that .
They thought the images and the mental ideas were the same thing .
Today , there are those who challenge this idea , and there are a lot of discussions about how the mind works , and to me it 's simple : for most of us , the mental images are fundamental to <unk> and inventive thinking .
So , after several years , I 'm going to find the point right , and I 've got lots of great mental <unk> , really <unk> , very sophisticated and structured .
Now , I 'm working on how to take well quickly these mental images , from my mind to the computer screen .
Can you imagine what would happen if a filmmaker was able to use their imagination only to steer the world that has the front ?
Or if a musician could extract the music of your head ?
There 's incredible possibilities with this , as the way people are creative people can get to the speed of light .
And the truth is , the only difficulty to get this is simply to increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems .
Let me show you why I think we 're pretty close to this with two recent experiments that we 've done by two groups in neuroscience .
Both used MRI technology , MRI , functional MRI , to represent the brain . You can see the brain scan made by <unk> <unk> and his Harvard colleagues .
The column on the left shows the scan of a person who looks at an image .
The spinal cord shows the scan of the brain of that individual individual as he imagined , looking at that same image .
The column on the right was created by <unk> the contents of the central column on the left . You see that the difference is almost normal .
This is <unk> in many different individuals with many different images , always with a similar outcome .
The difference between seeing an image and imagine seeing that same picture is almost normal .
Now , let me share with you another experiment . This is from the Jack <unk> lab at Berkeley , California .
They were able to convert the brainwaves in visual fields .
Let 's put it in this way .
In this experiment , I showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos while their brains were taken into their brains to create a great pool of reaction to the brain sequences .
Then , I showed you a film with new images , new people , new animals , and as long as we would get into a new scan .
The computer , using just the brain information that we scan it to show what it seemed like the person was seeing .
On the right , you can see the computer brain , and on the left , the video that I showed you .
This let us get rid of it .
We 're pretty close to that .
We just need to improve resolution .
And now , remember , when you look at an image and when you imagine that same image , it 's created in the brain the same mapping .
This was conducted with the brain scanning systems available today , and its resolution was increased as a thousand times in the last few years .
Now we need to increase resolution a thousand times more to get a deeper look .
How did we do that ?
There are many techniques to do that .
One is opening up the skull and introduce electrodes .
I 'm not offering me that .
Many of you are proposing new projection techniques for images , even I 'm going to talk to the recent result of MRI , first we need to ask ourselves the next thing , this technology will be the end of the road ?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get more resolution is with larger magnets , but at this point , the more likely they offer small improvements in resolution , not increases by thousands like we need .
I propose this idea : rather than bigger magnets , let 's make better magnets .
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different arrangements , like making a <unk> .
And why does this matter ?
In the last few years , a lot of effort in MRI were to make really big magnets , right ?
But most of the recent advances in <unk> of ingenious and brilliant solutions in coding and <unk> , in the transmitters and function of FM radio systems in MRI systems .
Instead , instead of a uniform magnetic field , we use structured structured patterns to the FM frequencies .
So when we combine magnetic patterns with patterns in FM radio processing patterns , we can increase massively the information that you can extract in a single scan .
Also , we can then split up in layers of our growing knowledge about the structure of the brain and the memory to create the increase in the thousands that we need .
By using the fMRI , we should be able to measure not only the blood fluid , but the hormones and the <unk> that I mentioned , and perhaps even the direct neural activity , this is sleep .
We 're going to be able to put our ideas directly into digital media .
Can you imagine if we could go above language and communicate directly through thinking ?
What would we be able to ?
And how will we learn to deal with the truths of human thinking without filter ?
You thought the Internet is a big thing .
These are big questions .
It would be irresistible to use it as a tool to amplify our thinking skills and communication skills .
Certainly , this same tool could lead to the cure of Alzheimer 's disease and similar diseases .
We have a few options more to open this door .
But anyway , take a year , will happen in five or 15 years ?
It 's hard to imagine that it will take a lot more .
We need to learn how to give this step together .
Thank you .
I 'll talk to you tonight about coming out of the closet , and not in a traditional sense , not just the gay closet .
I think we all have closets .
Your closet may be telling some person for the first time or tell someone who 's pregnant , or tell someone who has cancer , or any other difficult conversation that you 've gone through in life .
The whole closet is a tough conversation , and even though our issues can vary tremendously , the experience of you lived and have come out of that closet , is universal .
It 's fear , and we do n't like it , and it should happen .
Many years ago , I worked in the South Side of <unk> <unk> , a restaurant in the city , and being there , I had to go through various stages of the intensity of <unk> <unk> : I do n't shake my armpits , to quote the letters of <unk> Say as a litany .
And I 'll be clear that by the <unk> of my short pants , and I 've got my head on a little bit , I 'd like a little kid , `` Hey , are you a kid or girl ? ''
And there would be awkward silence at the table .
I got my jaw a little bit , I would take my coffee with a anger .
The father <unk> the newspaper and the mother launched a cold look at his son .
But I would n't say anything , and I 'm going to get it inside .
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child in between three and 10 years , I was ready to fight .
And that 's a terrible feeling .
So I promised myself that the next time I would say something .
It would have that hard conversation .
So after a few weeks , it happened again .
`` Are you a boy or a girl ? ''
A familiar silence , but this time I was ready , and I was about to get into the female issues on the table . I had quotes from Betty <unk> .
Gloria Steinem quotes .
Even a little bit of the `` Vagina Monologues '' that I showed .
So I took a deep breath and I went down and I went down and I went down and my back a little girl in a pink dress with a pink dress , looking at what 's not a challenge for a feminist mourning , just a girl with a question : `` Are you a kid or girl ? ''
So then I took a breath back back , and I got a lot close to her , and I said , `` Hey , I know this is something confusing .
I have the short hair like a kid , and I 've seen a kid 's clothes , but I 'm a girl , and you know , as well as you like to use a pink dress , and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pajamas .
Well , I 'm more than the kind of girl in a comfortable pajamas . ''
And that girl looked at me , paying attention , and he said , `` My favorite pajamas is purple and it has a fish .
Can you give me a <unk> , please ? ''
And that was all . It 's just `` Oh , you 're a girl .
What about the <unk> I asked ? ''
It was the most easy conversation of all I ever had .
And why ? Because the girl of <unk> and I , both of them , was honest with the other .
So as many of us , I 've lived in some closets in my life , and I know , often , my walls used to be a rainbow .
But inside , in the dark , you ca n't know what color are the walls .
You just know how you feel living in a closet .
That 's how my closet is not different from yours or yours or yours .
Surely , I 'll give you a hundred reasons why I get out of my closet , it was more difficult to get out of yours , but this is the thing : the hard thing is n't relative .
The hard thing is hard .
Who can tell me to explain to someone who have declared them in banking , is harder to tell him that it 's been fooled ?
Who can tell me that this story is more difficult to tell your five-year-old who 's going to get divorced ?
There 's no more difficult thing , there 's only the hard thing .
We need to stop classify what we 're hard to do about what 's difficult to make us feel better or worse in relation to our voices , and we should just feel empathy because we all live in a difficult thing .
At some point in our lives , we all live in closets , and they can make them feel safe , or at least more security than the other side of the door offers .
But I 'm here to tell you , that no matter what your walls are made , a closet is not a place to live .
Thank you . Imagine yourself 20 years ago .
I , who had a horse tail , a dress and shoes .
It was n't militant lesbian ready to fight any child in four who would fit in the coffee .
I was frozen in the fear of fear , I was standing in a corner of my dark closet <unk> my gay grenade , and he 'll move only a muscle is the scariest thing he ever did .
My family , my friends , shared strangers that I 've spent my entire life trying to do n't disappoint you , and now the world was turned around .
I was burning the pages of a script that we 've all followed for so long , but if I do n't spears that grenade , I 'll kill you .
One of my most memorable grenade launches was my sister 's wedding .
It was the first time that many of the guests knew that I was gay , and when I do my Lady of honor of honor , in my black dress and heels , I walked around the messiah , and I finally got to one where the friends of my parents were known to me , people who were known to me .
And after talking a moment , one of the women shouted , `` I love Nathan Lane ! ''
And the battle of the gay story had started .
`` <unk> , you 've ever been in your Castro ? ''
`` Well , yeah , the truth is , we have friends in San Francisco . ''
`` Well , we 've never gone there , but we 've heard that it 's fabulous . ''
`` <unk> , do you know my Antonio Antonio ?
It 's very good and he 's never talked about having girlfriend . ''
`` <unk> , what 's your favorite TV program ?
Will our favorite program Will and Grace program ?
And you know who we love ? Jack .
Jack is our favorite .
And then a woman , puzzling , but he 's waiting to show his support , to make me know he was on my side , he finally said to `` Well , sometimes my husband 's wearing pink shirts . ''
And I had an opportunity at that moment , as you have all the Scud launchers .
Surely , it might have been easy to indicate where they felt <unk> .
It 's not very hard to find them and realizing that they were <unk> .
And what else can you ask for somebody , but to work ?
If you 're authentic with someone , you have to be prepared for the authentic you get .
It 's like the hard conversations are still not my strong point .
Ask anyone who I was left .
But I 'm getting better , and I keep what I like to call the three principles of the <unk> .
Now , please look through the gay perspective , but understand that what 's meant to get out of any closet is essentially the same thing .
Number one : Be authentic .
<unk> armor . Be yourself .
That girl in the coffee had no armor , but I was ready for the battle .
If you want someone to be genuine , others must know that we also have .
Number two : Be direct . Just <unk> .
If you know that they 're gay , they 're <unk> .
If they say to their parents that maybe they could be gay , they will keep the hope that that could change .
Do n't give you a sense of false hope .
And number three , and more importantly -- let 's do the complex .
You communicate your truth .
They would never be surprised by that .
And some of you can get wounded , you know , <unk> for what they 've done , but I 'm never sorry for what they are .
And yes , maybe some of you feel disappointed , but that 's something in them , not you .
Those are the expectations of them about what you are , but not their own .
That 's the story of them , but not of you .
The only story that matters is what you want to write .
So the next time you find it in a dark closet , you would pick up a grenade , you must know that we 've all been there before .
And they may feel too much , but they 're not .
Thank you , Boulder . Enjoy the evening .
Intelligence , what is that ?
If you look at the story of how intelligence has been seen , a productive example has been the famous quote by <unk> <unk> that `` The question of if a machine can think is as interesting as the submersible can swim . ''
When <unk> <unk> wrote this , it did it as a critique of the computer pioneers like Alan Turing .
And so a few years ago , I took on a program to try to understand the fundamental physical physical types of intelligence .
So let 's take a step back .
We first start with a mental experiment .
Imagine that you 're in an alien race , that you do n't know anything about the biology of Earth or neuroscience of neuroscience , but they have incredible telescopes , and they can look at the Earth , and they have incredibly long lives , so you can see the Earth for millions , even billions of years .
And you see a very strange effect .
Of course , as Earthlings , we know that the reason would be that we 're trying to save ourselves .
We 're trying to avoid an impact .
But if you 're from an alien race that does n't know anything about this , that does n't have any concept about intelligence on Earth , you would have to be forced to develop a physical theory that would explain how , to a certain time in time , the asteroids that we would give up the surface of a planet mysteriously stopped .
And that 's why I claim that this is the same question that you can understand the physical nature of the intelligence .
So in this program that I conducted several years ago , I looked at a variety of issues through science , through various disciplines , which pointed out , I think , to a single underlying mechanism of intelligence .
In cosmology , for example , there 's been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be along with the development of intelligence , and in particular , for the development of universal states that we will promote the diversity of possible future .
Finally , in the planning of robotic motion planning , there 's been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to do complex tasks .
And so , taking all these different issues and <unk> together , I asked , for several years ago , there 's an underlying mechanism for intelligence that we can extract from all these different issues ?
Is there just an equation for intelligence ?
And I think the answer is -- what you 're seeing is probably the closest equivalent to one E = <unk> for the intelligence that I 've seen .
So what you 're seeing here is an affirmation that intelligence is a force , an F , which acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action .
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action , or maintain open choices , with a <unk> , with the diversity of possible future , yes , to a imminent time , tau .
In a nutshell , the intelligence does n't like to get stuck .
The intelligence is trying to maximize the future freedom of action and keep the choices open .
And so , having in mind this equation , it 's natural to ask , what can you do with this ?
How little stuff is that ?
Do we have the human intelligence level ?
Do artificial intelligence ?
So I 'm going to show you now a video I think , showing some of the amazing applications of this simple equation .
Narrator : <unk> research in cosmology have suggested that universes that make universes that produce more disorder , or `` entropy , '' during their life , they should have tendency to be more favorable conditions for intelligent beings like us .
But what happens if that cosmological connection to spread between entropy and intelligence will be a deeper relationship ?
What if intelligent behavior is not just correlated with the production of entropy in the long term , but actually arises directly from it ?
To find out , we 've developed a software engine called <unk> , designed to maximize the production of entropy in any system that is found within .
Amazingly , <unk> could spend multiple animal intelligence tests , play in human games , and even make money by using stock by stock , all of it without being used to do that .
Here are some examples of <unk> in action .
Just like a <unk> human , here we see <unk> balancing on a pole using a cart .
This behavior is remarkable partly because we never gave him a goal .
He just decided to balance the pole .
This ability of balance will have applications for humanoid robotics and social assistance technologies .
This ability for tools will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture .
Also , just like some other animals can cooperate by pulling opposite off the opposite of a rope at the same time to release the food , here we see that <unk> can perform a model version of that task .
This capacity of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and in a variety of other fields .
<unk> is widely applicable in a variety of domains .
For example , here we see successfully playing a pun against itself , providing your potential for play .
Here we see new connections to new connections in a social network where friends are constantly running and keeps the good network connected .
This same capacity of <unk> also has applications in health care , energy and intelligence .
Here we see <unk> organizing the routes of a fleet of ships , discovering successfully and using the Panama Canal to expand the world in the world to the Pacific to the Pacific .
In the same way , <unk> is widely applicable in terms of autonomous defense , logistics and transportation .
Finally , here we see <unk> spontaneously discovering and execute a <unk> strategy , <unk> in a simulated , <unk> series of stocks , successfully increasing assets under its exponentially .
This risk management ability will be broad applications in finance and safe .
Alex <unk> : What you 've seen is that a variety of marks of smart cognitive behaviors such as tools , walking tall and social cooperation , all from one equation that leads to a system to maximize its future freedom .
Now , here 's a deep irony .
Let 's go back at the beginning of the use of the robot , the <unk> play , and there was always the concept that if we were able to look smart machines , there would be a cyber rebellion .
Machines will raise them .
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all these decades , we 've had all the concept of cyber rebellion in reverse .
It 's not that the machines first become smart and then <unk> and trying to take over the world .
It 's the opposite , that the impulse to take control of all future future is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence , that general intelligence can actually arise out of taking control , rather than the other way around .
Another important consequence is the search for the target .
Now , I 'm often asked , `` How do you look for goals to get targets ? ''
My equivalent to that statement to go through the descendants to help them build artificial intelligences or to help them understand human intelligence , is the next : intelligence has to be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid the restrictions in their own future .
Thank you very much .
We 're at an inflection point in human history , something between the conquest of stars and losing the planet that we call `` home . ''
Although , in the last few years , we 've expanded our knowledge so much how it fits the Earth in the context of the universe .
The NASA Kepler 's Kepler mission has discovered thousands of possible planets orbiting other stars , which is that the Earth is only one between the billions of planets in our galaxy .
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the dim light intensity of the stars when planets go ahead of them , and they block a little bit of that light that comes to us .
The data picked up by Kepler show the sizes of planets in addition to the distance that there are between them and their mother star .
So together , this helps us understand whether these planets are small and entrenched as the Earth 's planets of our solar system , and also the amount of light they receive from their suns .
Instead , this gives you clues about whether these planets that we find are habitable or not .
Unfortunately , as we 're finding this treasure of worlds potentially habitable , our own planet is <unk> under the weight of humanity .
2014 was the hottest record .
<unk> and sea ice that have been with us for millennia now are now disappearing in a matter of decades .
These environmental changes that we have caused global scale have rapidly surpassed our ability to disrupt their course .
But I 'm not a weather scientist , no astronomer .
But I study the <unk> of the planet influenced by the stars , with hope to find places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet .
I could say , look for alien opportunities in the property sector .
Now , as someone very interested in the search for life in the universe , I can tell you that the more I look for planets like the Earth , more enjoy our own planet .
Every one of these new worlds invites a comparison between the planet just discovered and the planets that we know better than our solar system .
Take our neighbor , Mars .
Mars is small and <unk> , and despite being a little bit further from the Sun , it can be considered a world potentially habitable of this by a mission like Kepler .
In fact , it 's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past , and partly , that 's why we study so much to Mars .
Our <unk> as the `` Curiosity '' track its surface in search of clues about the origins of life as we know it .
The satellites that orbit , like the <unk> mission , take samples of the atmosphere of Mars , and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose his <unk> .
private companies are now giving not just short space flights , but also the willingness to live on Mars .
But even though all these images will remind us remember the deserts of our planet , places that are linked into our imagination with ideas and <unk> , compared to Earth , Mars is a pretty awful place to live .
Let 's take the extension of the <unk> areas of our planet that are still going to colonize , places really <unk> compared to Mars .
Even in the driest , <unk> places on Earth , the air is cool and full of oxygen attached to our tropical forests to thousands of miles away .
I 'm worried that this excitement for the colonization of Mars and other planets , with a big and sad shadow : the implication and the belief of some that Mars will expect to save us from the single planet that we know that we know is truly habitable , the Earth .
For a lot that I like exploration exploration , I 'm in deep disagreement with this idea .
There 's a lot of good reasons to go to Mars , but to say that Mars will be there to protect humanity is like you imagine that the captain of the Titanic will tell us that the party actually will have place later on the life boats . Thank you .
But the targets for <unk> exploration and Earth preservation is not <unk> .
No , they are actually faces of the same currency : the goal of understanding , preserve and improve life in the future .
The extreme environments present in our world look like alien aliens .
Only they 're closer to home .
If we can understand how to create and maintain these habitable spaces , in hostile areas and move ahead of the earth , maybe we can meet the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that .
I leave you with a mental experiment : the Fermi 's paradox .
A lot of years ago , the physicist Enrico Fermi , asked , having in mind that our universe has existed for a long time , and we hope that there were many planets in this universe , we should have found evidence for extraterrestrial life to now .
Well , where are they ?
Well , as a possible solution to Fermi 's paradox is that when civilizations gets to advanced advanced enough to consider to continue to live between the stars , they lose the notion of how important it is to protect the origin of the planets that we 're developing this development .
It 's arrogant to think that just colonization of us will save us from ourselves , but planetary preservation and exploration can work together .
If we really believe in our ability to make the hostile environments on Mars for the human presence , then we should be able to overcome the <unk> task even more easy to preserve the Goldilocks on Earth .
Thank you .
A few years ago , I 'll put my own home .
And while I was on the front porch looking in my pockets , I realized I did n't have the keys .
In fact , I could see the window that they were at the dining room table , where I had left them .
So quickly I tried to open all the other doors and windows , and they were all fine closed .
I thought I 'd call a <unk> , at least I had my cell phone , but at midnight , a <unk> could take a long time to get , and it was cold .
I could n't go back home from my friend of Jeff to spend night because I had a flight later to Europe , and the next morning , and I 'm getting rid of my passport and my suitcase .
<unk> expensive , but surely that it 's not more expensive than an <unk> at night , so I thought , despite the circumstances , right standing .
I 'm a career neuroscientist , and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress .
It releases cortisol that goes up the heart rate , you know the adrenaline levels and the thinking .
And when I got to the <unk> counter at the airport , I realized I did n't have my passport .
Well , I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleeping .
And I began to wonder , if there was something I could do , systems that could put in its place , that you may have to avoid bad things .
Or at least , if there 's bad things happen , that we will be able to be a total catastrophe .
So I started thinking about that , but until a month later , my thoughts would n't go .
I was having dinner with my colleague Danny <unk> , who 's the Nobel Prize winner , and a little embarrassed told him that I broke the window , and he had forgotten my passport , and Danny shared with me that he had been practicing something called a retrospective retrospective .
It 's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary Klein , who had written this a few years before , known as the <unk> .
You all know what the <unk> is .
Every time there 's a disaster , a team of experts come up and tries to figure out what went wrong , right ?
In the <unk> , as Danny explains Danny , you look forward and try to figure out all the things that you could go wrong , then tries to figure out what it can do to prevent things to happen or to minimize the damage .
So what I want to talk about with you is some things that we can do in the form of a <unk> .
Some of them are evident , others are not so obvious .
I 'm going to start with the obvious .
At the house , you 'll get a place for things that are easily lost .
This sounds like common sense and it is , but there 's a lot of science that supports this thesis , based on how our spatial memory works .
There 's a structure in the brain called the hippocampus , which has evolved over thousands of years , to make a tracking location of the important things , where the fish is , where the fish are , that places the <unk> trees , where women are friends and enemies .
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that 's been attached to the drivers of London .
It 's the part of the brain that allows squirrels to find their nuts .
And if you ask whether somebody really did the experiment , they cut out the <unk> sense of squirrels , and they could still find their nuts .
They did n't use the smell , but the hippocampus , that very evolved mechanism in the brain to find things .
But it 's really good for things that do n't move much , not so good for things that move a lot .
This is the reason to lose keys from the car , reading and passports .
So at home , you would get a place for the keys , a hook to the door , maybe a decorative dish .
For his passport , a particular drawer .
For your reading goggles , a particular coffee table .
If you take a place and they 're <unk> with it , your things will always be there when you look for them .
What about trips ?
Take the cell card a picture of your credit card , license , <unk> by email themselves so they 're in the cloud .
If these things are lost or steal them , this can enable substitution .
These are some of the most obvious things .
Remember , when you 're under stress , the brain releases cortisol .
Your cortisol is toxic and <unk> the thinking .
So part of <unk> practice is to recognize that under stress we will not be at the best time , and you have to put the systems on their site .
And there are perhaps not more stressful stressful , when you 're faced with a medical decision .
And at some point , we will all be in that situation , to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical care or a loved one , to help them with a decision .
And so I want to talk about that .
And to talk about a very particular medical condition .
But this is <unk> as a <unk> for all decision-making decisions , and actually making financial decisions and social decisions , any kind of decision that you need to take away from the fact that you would benefit a rational assessment of facts .
So let 's suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says , `` I 've gotten the result of the lab and your cholesterol is a little bit . ''
You all know that high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular disease , heart attack , stroke .
So you 're thinking that having high cholesterol is not the best , then the doctor says , `` I 'd like to give you a drug that will help you reduce your cholesterol , a <unk> . ''
And maybe you 've heard about the <unk> , and you know that it 's one of the most educated drugs in the world today . It 's even likely to meet people who take them .
So you think , `` Yes , let 's get the <unk> ! ''
But there 's a question that 's supposed to be done then , a statistic that you have to ask for that most physicians do n't want to talk , and drug companies even less .
It 's for <unk> , the number needed to treat .
And what is this , the <unk> ?
It 's the number of people who have to take a drug or to engage a surgery in any medical procedure before it will help one person .
And should you think about what kind of statistical statistic is that ?
The number must be one .
My doctor did n't give me something if I was n't going to help me .
But actually , medical practice does n't work like this .
And it 's not the fault of the doctor , and if it 's someone 's fault , it 's scientists like me .
We have n't really understood the underlying mechanisms .
But the estimates of <unk> that 90 percent of drugs works only about 30 to 50 percent of the people .
So the number you need to treat the most widely prescribed , what do you think ?
How many people have to take it before help a person ?
300 .
This is the research of the researchers who cynical storytellers and Pamela <unk> , <unk> <unk> .
I same explored the numbers .
300 people have to take the drug for a year before they avoid a single heart attack , stroke or another adverse event .
Now you might think , `` Well , a chance for 300 to lower my cholesterol .
Why not , doctor ? <unk> the recipe anyway . ''
But then you should ask for a more statistical statistic , and it 's , `` <unk> of the side effects . '' Right ?
For this particular drug , the side effects are produced by five percent of the patients .
And those include terrible things : debilitating , muscle and articulate pain , but now they think , `` Five percent is not very likely to happen to me , still taking medicine . ''
But a moment .
Remember , under stress , you do n't think clearly .
So think about how we 're going to do this over time , so you do n't have to make the chain of reasoning in the act .
300 people take the drug , not ? A person has helped , five percent of the 300 have side effects , that 's 15 people .
You have 15 times more likely to get harmed for the drug that the drug helps you .
I 'm not saying they should or not take <unk> .
I just say you must have this conversation with your doctor .
The medical ethic requires , it 's part of the beginning of informed consent .
We have the right to have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take the risks or not .
You may be thinking that I 've launched this number in the air for the value of the crash , but actually this number you need to treat is quite typical .
To the surgery that 's more done in the largest men in 50 , <unk> prostate cancer , the number needed to treat is 49 .
That is , 49 surgeries for one person who has helped .
And the side effects on that case , they produce in 50 percent of the patients .
Those include helplessness or erectile dysfunction , urinary incontinence , programmed probes , fecal incontinence .
And if you 're lucky , and it 's one of that 50 percent of the effects only about a year or two .
So the idea of <unk> is to think about time before the questions that you can argue to <unk> the conversation forward .
You do n't have to build all this in the act .
And they also want to think about the quality of life .
Because you have a choice for many times , want a shorter life of pain , or a longer life that could have a lot of pain towards the end ?
These are the things that they talk about and think about now , with her family and their loved ones .
You can change in the heat of the moment , but at least you 're trained in this kind of thinking .
Remember , our brain releases cortisol , and one of the things that happens at that time is that a lot of systems go off .
There 's an evolutionary reason for this .
Face 2 Face with a predator , it 's not necessary to be the digestive system , or the problem or the immune system , because if the body is spending metabolism into those things , it does n't react fast . You could get to the lions lunch , so none of that matters .
Unfortunately , one of the things that goes out the window during those moments of stress is the rational thought , like Danny <unk> and his colleagues have shown .
So we have to train ourselves to think about the future to these kinds of situations .
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we are all faulty .
We 're all going to fail in the time .
The idea is to think about the future how they could be those failures , to put the systems into the place that will help us minimize the damage , or to prevent bad things to happen in the first place .
We went back at the night of snow in Montreal , when I returned from my journey , my contractor installed a lock of combination next to the door , with a key to the gate at the same , an easy way to remember it .
And I have to admit that I still have lots of cards that I 've not ordered , and lots of text messages I have n't read .
So I 'm not too organized , but I see the organization as a gradual process , and I 'm doing it .
Thank you very much .
Interpreter : <unk> , <unk> is my favorite musical symbol .
It means playing softly .
If you 're playing a musical instrument and you see a <unk> on the score , you need to play more softly .
Two <unk> , even more soft .
Four <unk> , extremely soft .
This is my drawing of a <unk> tree , and there it looks like it does n't matter how many thousands and thousands of <unk> may have , you 've never had a complete silence .
That 's my current definition of silence : a very dark sound .
I 'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American system , the <unk> , in addition to a little bit of my own story .
The language of French signs came over the decade of 1800 , and over the time , he mixed with local signs , and developed the language that we know about as <unk> .
So , it has a story about 200 years .
And I was born deaf , and I was taught to believe that sound was n't a part of my life .
And I thought it was true .
But now I realize that it 's not true for anything .
<unk> are a very important part of my life , they 're really in my mind every day .
As a person who lives in a world of sounds , it 's like I lived in a foreign country , blindly following their rules , customs , behaviors and rules and norms .
So how do I understand sound ?
Well , I see how people behave and respond to sound .
People are like my loudspeakers and amplify the sound .
Now , learn and make that behavior .
At the same time , I 've learned that I can create sounds , and I 've seen how people respond .
So I 've learned , for example .
`` Do n't leave the door ! ''
`` Do n't make a lot of noise by eating the potato chips bag ! ''
`` No <unk> , and when you 're eating , you make sure not scratch the covered in the dish . ''
All of this call `` sound tag . ''
Maybe I think about the sound tag more than the average person does .
I 'm super <unk> of sounds .
And I 'm always waiting for a little bit of the sound , which is to come next .
From there , this drawing .
<unk> , to decide .
<unk> , for continuing .
<unk> , by announce .
You can see that <unk> has no notes on the lines .
That 's because the lines contain sounds through the subtle , subtle <unk> and blobs .
In the culture that , the movement is equivalent to sound .
This is the signal for `` <unk> '' in the <unk> .
A typical <unk> has five lines .
However , to me , I 'm doing my thumb that does n't feel natural .
That 's why I have just four lines on the paper .
In 2008 , I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin , Germany , for an artistic residence there .
Before this time , I had worked as <unk> .
During this summer , I visited museum and spaces of different galleries , and as I went from one place to another , I realized that there was no visual art there .
At that moment , the sound was the trend , and that struck me .
There was no visual art , it was all hearing .
Now the sound has come into my territory of art .
Is it going to be more than art ?
I realized it does n't have to be like that .
In fact , I know the sound .
I know it so well that it 's not just experiences through ears .
I can feel it in touch , or experience it visually , or even as an idea .
So I decided to reclaim the sound of sound and <unk> in my artistic practice .
And all I had taught me in terms of sound , I decided to leave it and let them go .
I started to create a new body of work .
And when I presented it to the artistic community , I was shocked by the amount of support and attention I received .
I realized that sound is like money , power , control : social currency .
In the bottom of my mind , I always felt that the sound was alien , it was something of a listener .
And the sound is so powerful that I could get it to me and my artistic job , or I could empower it .
I chose that I 'm going to get bored .
There 's a massive culture around talking about language .
And just because I do n't use my literal voice to communicate , to the eyes of society as if there was no voice at all .
So I have to work with people who can support me as well as to become my voice .
So I 'm able to be relevant in today 's society .
So in school , at work and institutions , work with a lot of different performers ' performers .
And his voice becomes my voice and identity .
They help me hear .
And their voices have value and weight .
Ironically , when I 'm going to ask you their voices , I 'm able to maintain a temporary form of value something like taking a loan with a very high interest rate .
If I 'm not going to continue with this practice , I feel that I could persuade you , and do n't have any kind of social value .
So , with sound like my new art medium , it 's <unk> in the world of music .
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and <unk> .
For example , a musical note can not capture and express all on the paper .
And the same is true of a concept in <unk> .
The two are very space and highly <unk> , which means that subtle changes can affect all meaning as much as the sounds of the sounds .
I 'd like to share with you a metaphor for the piano , so you can understand better how the <unk> works .
So , imagine a piano .
<unk> gets divided into a lot of different <unk> parameters .
If you map a different parameter for every finger while you touch the piano , like facial expression , the body 's movement , the speed of the body , the speed , the shape of the hand , and so while the piano hits , English is a linear language , like if you 're going to get a key at the same time .
However , the <unk> is more like a chord , you need the 10 fingers at the same way to express a clear concept or idea in <unk> .
If just a key shift , it would create a completely different meaning .
The same thing happens with the music in terms of pitch , timbre and volume .
In <unk> , by using these different <unk> parameters , you can express different ideas .
For example , the signal `` <unk> on that . ''
This is the signal `` <unk> on that . ''
I 'm seeing you .
Gone .
Oh , I 'm going to tell you .
Ooh .
What are you looking at ?
Ah , good !
So , I started thinking , and if I look at <unk> through the music lens ?
If I had to create a sign and put it over and over again , it might be as a piece of visual music .
For example , this is the sign of `` day '' , the sun comes out and it gets .
This is `` all day . ''
If you zoom in and <unk> the speed , visually looks like a piece of music .
All day .
I feel that the same thing can say `` all night . ''
`` All night . ''
This is the whole night , in this drawing .
And this led me to think about three different types of nights : `` Last night , '' `` during the night , '' `` all night . ''
I feel the third one has more <unk> than the other two .
This represents how time is expressed , and how the distance into the body can express changes in time .
For example , one <unk> . It 's a hand , two <unk> . It 's two hands , the present is closer and in front of the body , the future is in front of the body and the past is on the back .
So , the first example is `` a long time . ''
Then , `` past '' and the last , which is my favorite , with a very romantic and dramatic idea at the same time , `` Once there was once . ''
`` Common Time '' is a musical term with a specific rate of four times per compass .
But when I look at the word `` common time '' I think automatically in `` at the same time . ''
Look at <unk> : hand , E : left hand .
We have the <unk> across the head and the chest .
( Face : <unk> , flashlight , flashlight : E , E , flashlight ] I 'm going to show you a way of the hand called `` flashlight . ''
Can you do that with me ?
All with your hands at high .
Now we 're going to do so much in my head as the chest , something like `` Common time '' or `` at the same time . ''
Yeah , so well .
That means `` <unk> '' in the international system .
The international system , as a note , is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and the languages of signs around the world .
The second one that I 'd like to show you is this . Please do it again .
And now this .
It means `` colonization '' in <unk> .
Now , the third . Please follow me again .
And again , again .
It 's `` lighting . ''
We 're going to do the three together .
`` <unk> , '' `` colonization '' and `` lighting . ''
Good job .
Notice how the three signs are very similar . They all happen in your head and your chest , but they transmit very different meanings .
It 's amazing to see how <unk> is alive and prosperous , just like music .
But today , today , we live in a very <unk> world .
And just because the <unk> does n't have sounds , you automatically do n't have social value .
We have to start questioning what defines the social value and allow us to develop its own value , without sound .
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society .
And maybe people will understand that we do n't have to be deaf to learn how to learn them .
The <unk> is a treasure trove and I 'd like you to have the same experience .
I 'd like to invite you open your ears , open your eyes , to participate in our culture and experience in our visual language .
And you never know , they can even fall in love with us .
Thank you .
<unk> <unk> : Hey , that 's me .
As a child , my parents would tell me , `` You can get it all , but then you have to clean it up . ''
Freedom involves responsibility .
But my imagination led me to all these wonderful places , where everything was possible .
So I grew up in a bubble of innocence , or a bubble of ignorance , I must say , because the adults would lie to us from the horrible truth .
When I became older , I found out that the adults also make sure that they 're not very good at clean up others .
Time happened , now I 'm an adult and teach citizenship and invention in Hong Kong .
You do n't have to wait a lot for my students to walk through the beach <unk> with lots of garbage .
So as good citizens , you cleaned up the beaches , and not , you 're not drinking , and if it is , I did n't give it .
It 's sad to say , but more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic .
It 's a scary thing .
And in the last few decades , we 've been coming out with these big ships and networks , to collect those pieces of plastic to study them under the microscope , and we classify them and put together this information on a map .
But it 's hard for an eternity and it 's very expensive , and it 's also very expensive to use those huge boats .
So along with my students , about six to 15 years , we dream about making up a better way .
We 've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop .
We started building this job of work with <unk> , so that the very <unk> kids can also participate in .
And I 'll tell you , kids who manipulate electrical tools feel great and secure .
Not exactly .
Let 's go back to plastic .
We collect plastic and reduce it to the size that we found in the ocean , which is very small , because of its fragmentation .
That 's what we do .
I leave the imagination of my students .
My job is to try to take the best ideas in every child and try to get them into something that we hope to work .
We decided that instead of collecting pieces of plastic , just <unk> information .
By using a robot , we took a picture of this plastic -- kids get very excited with robots .
And then we created quickly what we call `` a prototype . ''
We 're so fast in prototyping creation that we ended up before lunch .
And we transformed lamps and web cameras , and we assemble it into a floating robot that will move slowly through the water and the plastic that we have there , and this is the picture captured by the robot .
We see the pieces of plastic floating through slowly through the sensor while the computer on board process this image and measure the size of every particle , to get an idea of how much plastic in the water .
We would take this invention step on a website for inventors called `` <unk> , '' with the hope that someone gets better even more .
The great thing about this project is that the students saw a local problem , and bang , they 're trying to fix it immediately .
I can investigate my local problem , but my students in Hong Kong are highly informed children .
You see the news , you get the Internet , and you 're going to get back with this picture .
A child , maybe less than 10 years ago , cleaning up a oil spill , just using the hands , in <unk> , the largest mangrove forest in the world in Bangladesh .
They were really shocked because this is the water you drink , it 's the water that you bathe , the water where they fish , the place where they live .
You can also see the water is brown , and the mud and the oil is also brown , and when everything mixes , it 's very difficult to see what 's in the water .
But there 's a simple technology called <unk> , which allows you to see what 's in the water .
So we built a first prototype of an array that can cut through all sorts of substances that produce different spectra , which can help identify what 's in the water .
Let 's take this prototype with a sensor , and we sent it to Bangladesh .
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem , or to analyze a local problem , my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help other children .
I can investigate a problem at a distance ] I was forced to do a second experiment , and I wanted to go a little further , maybe tackle a harder problem , and also closer to me .
I 'm half Japanese and half French and maybe remember , that in 2011 , there was a devastating earthquake in Japan .
It was so violent that started various giant waves , called tsunamis , and those tsunamis , and those tsunamis destroy various cities on the coast of Japan .
Over 14,000 people died in a moment .
It also gives the nuclear power plant of Fukushima , a nuclear plant , a nuclear center of the water .
And today , according to the name of an average 300 metric tons , you 're still leaking out of the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean .
Today , all the Pacific Ocean has traces of pollution by <unk> .
If we go to the west coast , we can measure the radiation of Fukushima everywhere .
But if you look at the map , it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast , and most of them , at the moment , is really safe , it 's blue .
Well , the reality is a little bit more complicated than that .
I 've come back to Fukushima every year from the crash and research in an independent way with other scientists , the land , the river , and this time we wanted to bring kids out .
Of course , we did n't take them , the parents were not allowed .
But every night we reported to the control center -- here you see the use of different masks .
It could seem that they did n't take the work seriously , but they did it because they 're going to have to live with the <unk> all of his life .
Along with them we discussed the data that day we discussed that day and we talked about what we were going to do after , the strategies , the <unk> and so on .
And to do this , we created a <unk> map of the region around the nuclear power plant .
We created the lift map , we introduced pigments to represent data in real time of radioactivity , and pour water to simulate the rain .
And with this , we could notice that the dust will radioactive from the top of the mountain to the <unk> system and <unk> in the ocean .
It was a rough estimate .
But based on this we organized a civil expedition , the nearest to the nuclear center to date .
We go up to a mile of nuclear power , and with the fishermen of fishermen in the area , we were collecting sediments from the sea floor with a <unk> tracker that we invented and build .
Here we see a progression : we 've gone from a local problem to a remote problem , to a global problem .
And it 's been very exciting to work on these different scales , also with open-source technologies and very simple .
But at the same time , it 's been increasingly frustrating , because we 've only been starting to measure the damage we 've done .
We have n't even started trying to solve problems .
I wonder if we should give the leap and try to invent better ways to do all of these things .
So the classroom became so much small , so we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong , and we become the larger space dedicated to social and environmental impact .
It 's in the center of Hong Kong , and it 's a place where we can work with wood , metal , chemistry , a little biology , optics , basically , can be built almost from everything there .
It 's also a place where adults and children can play together .
It 's a place where the dreams of children can actually become the help of adults , and where adults can be children again .
Students : acceleration ! <unk> !
<unk> <unk> : asking things like : Can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy ?
For example .
Or , can we help in the mobility of the elderly age transforming their standard wheels in new electric vehicles ?
The plastic , the oil and the <unk> are terrible , but the worst legacy we can leave our children are the lies .
We ca n't afford to protect the children of the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent solutions .
So , scientific citizens , creators , <unk> , we have to prepare the next generation to be concerned about the environment and people , and so that I can actually do something about it .
Thank you .
Two <unk> domes , two cultures of radically opposing design .
One is made out of thousands of steel pieces , another one thread of silk .
One of them is synthetic , the other organic .
One gets over the environment , the other one creates it .
One is designed by nature , the other one for her .
Michelangelo said that when he looked at the National marble marble , he saw a figure that 's fighting for being free .
The <unk> was just Michelangelo 's tool .
But living beings are not <unk> .
They grow .
And in the smallest units of life , the cells , we took all the information required for every cell to work and replicate .
The tools also have consequences .
At least from the Industrial Revolution , the world of design has been dominated by rigors of manufacturing and mass production .
The assembly lines have dictated a world made out of parts , <unk> the imagination of designers and trained architects to think of their objects as <unk> of discrete parts with different functions .
But you do n't find <unk> material in nature .
Think about human skin , for example .
Our facial skins are thin with <unk> pores .
The fur on the back are thicker with little pores .
One will act mainly like filter , the other mainly as barrier , and yet it 's the same skin : no parts , there 's no <unk> .
It 's a system that sets its functionality through the variation of elasticity .
Here 's a divided screen that represents my view of the divided world , the double personality of every designer and an architect in working between <unk> and gene , between the machine and the organism , between the assembly and the growth , between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin .
These two visions of the world , my left hemisphere and the right , analysis and synthesis , shows in the two screens after me .
My job , at the simplest level , tries to bring these two visions in the world , moving away from the assembly and approaching growth .
You 're probably wondering , `` Why now ? ''
Why was n't this possible for this 10 or even five years ?
We live in a very special moment in history , a rare moment , where you have four disciplines that offers access to tools that we had never had access to before .
And at the intersection of these four fields , my team and I created .
Please know the minds and the hands of my students .
We design objects , products , structures and tools through scales , large-scale and tools , like this robotic arm with a half meters in diameter with a foundation that some day not very distant to print entire buildings -- and graphics at the nanoscale made of genetically modified microorganisms .
So here we have <unk> the latticework on , an archetype of ancient Arabic architecture , and has created a screen where every opening is size to shape the shape of light and heat through it .
In our next project , we explored the possibility of creating a layer and a lap , and this was for a <unk> fashion parade , they 're <unk> . It 's like a second skin made from one piece , <unk> in the contours , flexible around the waist .
Along with a 3D printing collaborator , we printed this layer and 3D lap without seams between the cells . Let me show you more objects like that .
This helmet combines <unk> and soft materials in the resolution of 20 microns .
This is the resolution of a human hair .
It 's also the resolution of a <unk> scanner .
That designers have access to this high-resolution analytical and synthetic instruments , allows to design products that are <unk> not only the shape of our bodies , but also the physiological structure of our tissues .
We 've also designed an acoustic chair , a chair in the structural , comfortable chair and also absorb sound .
The professor Carter , my collaborator , came back to nature to inspire us , and by designing this rough surface pattern , it becomes <unk> .
And then we had this surface of 44 different properties , which vary in stiffness , <unk> and color , <unk> the pressure points in the human body .
Their surface , as in nature , sets its functionality through addition to other material or other assembly , but it 's continuously continuously and compared to the material property .
But is the ideal nature of it ?
Is there any parts in nature ?
I was n't raised in a religious Jewish home , but when I was a young man , my grandmother told me stories about the Hebrew Bible , and one of them came out and came to define a lot of what I care about .
As she says , `` In the third day of the Creation , God calls the Earth to grow a <unk> tree . ''
For that first <unk> tree , there would be no difference between the trunk , branches , sheets and fruits .
All the tree was a fruit .
Instead , the land made trees grow up with branches , cortex , stems and flowers .
The land created a world made of parts .
I often wonder , `` What would be the design if the objects were made from one piece ?
Did you get a better state of creation ? ''
So we were looking for the biblical material , the kind of material of the tree <unk> with fruit , and we found it .
The second most abundant <unk> on the planet is called <unk> , and about 100 million tons are produced by organisms like shrimp , crabs , scorpions and butterflies .
We think that if we could tune into their properties , we could generate <unk> structures in one piece .
So that 's what we did .
We call it legal <unk> . We asked a lot of shrimp husks , <unk> and collected <unk> paste .
And we 've got the chemical concentrations , we 've been able to achieve a wide range of properties , from dark , hard , opaque , <unk> , transparent and transparent .
In order to print the large-scale structures , it 's built a system with multiple quantities of clinical <unk> .
The robot could vary the properties of material on the march and create these structures made of one single three material , 100 percent recyclable material .
When the pieces are ready , it stops them to find a natural way to contact with the air .
So why do we keep designing with plastic ?
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process was used to contain depression that appeared for the first time on the planet , 3.5 billion years ago , as we heard yesterday .
And along with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT , we would have <unk> bacteria to capture rapidly carbon from the atmosphere and turn it into sugar .
For the first time , we 've been able to generate structures that make their transition without problems of mesh beams , and if it broadens even more , to windows .
A <unk> tree .
Working with an ancient material , one of the first forms of life on the planet , with abundant water and with a little synthetic biology , we 've transformed a structure made of shrimp husks in an architecture that behaves like a tree .
And here 's the best part : for objects designed to biodegrade , put in the sea life , save the marine life -- and put them on the ground , help grow a tree .
The fit for our next exploration using the same principles of design was the solar system .
We 're looking for the possibility of creating clothes to keep life for <unk> travel .
To do that , we must dominate the bacteria and control their flow .
So , like the periodic table , we did our own table of elements , new forms of life created <unk> , made of additive , <unk> form .
I like to think about synthetic biology like liquid alchemy , only instead of precious metals , new biological capabilities are diagnosed in very small channels .
This field is called <unk> .
We put our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops .
In our first piece of clothes , two microorganisms combined .
The first is the <unk> .
It lives in our oceans and in the freshwater ponds .
And the second , E. coli , the bacteria that lies in the human intestine .
It turns light into sugar , the other loss of sugar and it produces useful biofuels for the built environment .
But these two micro-organisms do n't interact in nature .
In fact , they never met .
They 're here , designed for the first time , to have a relationship to a piece of clothes .
Think of it as evolution , not by natural selection , but evolution for design .
To contain these relationships , we 've created a single channel that looks like the digestive tract , that will help we flow these bacteria and they will make their way function .
And so we started to grow those channels in the human body , and we will take the properties of the material according to the desired functionality .
If we wanted more photosynthesis , we 'll build more transparent channels .
This portable digestive system , when it stretch away from one end to another , 30 meters .
This is half the length of a football field , and 10 times more than our small intestine .
And here it is , as we 're beginning to TED , our very first wearable LGBT channels , bright channels in life inside the clothes .
Thank you .
Mary Shelley said , `` We are last fashion creatures , only half is made . ''
What if design would get the other half ?
And if we could create structures that increases life ?
And if we could create personal <unk> that we would promote our skin , will we get damaged tissue and hold our bodies ?
Think of this as a form of edit biology .
I call this the material ecology .
For that , you always have to go back to nature .
So now , you know that a 3D printer printing material in layers .
You also know that nature does n't do it that way .
It grows . It grows with sophistication .
This cocoon of the worm , for example , creates a highly sophisticated architecture , a home within which it was <unk> .
<unk> manufacturing is not additive to this level of sophistication .
It does n't do it by the combination of not two materials , but two proteins at different concentrations .
One is acting as a structure , the other is the glue or the matrix , merging those fibers together .
And this happens across scales .
The silk worm first turned into the environment , creates a structure of tension , and then starts to drop a cocoon of compression .
The tension and compression , the two forces of life , they emerge in a single material .
In order to understand better , how this complex process works , we attach a small magnet to the head of a silk worm , to the row .
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors , and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualizing the complex architecture of the cocoon of silk worm .
However , when you put silk worm on a flat patch , not inside a box , we realized that you would have a cocoon and still <unk> <unk> .
So we started designing different environments , different scaffolding , and we found that the shape , the composition , the structure of the cocoon , is transmitted directly by the environment .
It 's often <unk> the silk worms to death inside their cocoons , their silk gets rid of and used in the textile industry .
We found that we 've been designing these templates , we could give the raw silk without boiling a single cocoon .
It <unk> <unk> , and we could create these things .
So we climbed this process up to architectural scale .
We had a robot , making silk templates , and we put ourselves into our site .
We knew that the silk worms are collected into more dark , cold areas , so we use a solar path diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat into our structure .
So we created holes or <unk> , to block the rays of light and heat , distributes the silk worms on the structure .
We were ready to get to the tracks .
We asked two thousand silk worms to a online silk farm .
And after you feed them four weeks , they were ready to get away with us .
We put them very carefully at the bottom of the scaffolding , and as you go through , <unk> , they 're going to be <unk> , and life begins again , like us , but much , much shorter .
Bucky Fuller said that the tension is the great integrity , and he was right .
When you drop biological silk on <unk> silk , it gives all this pavilion its integrity .
And in a little more than two or three weeks , four miles of silk worms initiate 400 miles .
In a curious symmetry , this is also the length of the silk route .
The moths , after the <unk> , produce 1.5 million eggs .
This could be used for 250 pavilions in the future .
So here are the two visions of the world .
A robotic arm through a robotic arm , the other full gap .
If the last frontier of design is to provide products and buildings around us , to form a ecology of two materials , the designers must bring these two visions in the world .
And it takes us back , of course , at the beginning .
Here 's a new era of design , a new era of creation , which leads us to a design inspired by nature to a nature , which requires us , for the first time , that we make care of nature .
Thank you .
Thank you very much . Thank you .
Raise your hand if you 've ever asked you , `` What do you want to be from greater ? ''
If you had to remember how old they had when they asked them for the first time this ?
They can stick with your fingers .
Three . Five . Three . Five . Five .
Now , raise your hand if the question said , `` What do you want to be like ? ''
They 've caused some kind of anxiety .
Any anxiety .
I 'm somebody who could never answer the question , `` What do you want to be from greater ? ''
The problem was n't that I did n't have any interest , but I had no interest .
In school , I liked English , <unk> and art sites , and it was playing the guitar in a punk band called <unk> <unk> .
Maybe you 've heard about us .
And in general , I like to test and persist anyway , for having spent a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field .
But over time , this feeling of boredom , this feeling of , this is no longer a challenge , it comes to <unk> .
And I have to leave it .
But then I 'd be struck by something else , something totally different , and I 'm going to get stuck on it , and I 'm going to leave me down and I feel `` Yes ! I 've found my stuff , '' and then again this point where I start to <unk> .
And finally , I want to leave it .
But then I 'd like to find something new and different , and I 'd like to go into that .
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety , for two reasons .
The first was because I was n't sure how I was going to turn this whole into a career .
I thought I had to choose one thing , denying all my other passions , and <unk> them .
Another reason that caused me so hard was a little bit more personal .
I was worried that there was something wrong with this , and something bad about me for not <unk> at all .
I was worried about being afraid of engagement , or being dispersed , or <unk> or my own success .
If you can relate my story and these feelings , I would like to ask you something that I 'd like to ask myself .
Ask yourself , where they learned to allocate the meaning of evil or abnormal to do things .
I 'll tell you where they learned it : they learned it from culture .
We ask ourselves first , `` What do you want to be from bigger ? ''
When we have about five years .
And the truth is that nobody cares about what you 're going to do at that age .
It 's considered a naive question to make nice answers in kids like , `` being an astronaut , '' or `` being a dancer '' or `` I want to be pirate . ''
I 'm going to get the kind of point here .
So this question is over and over again as we grow up in various ways , <unk> , and you know , you know , to school students , you ask them to pick up in college .
And at some point , `` What do you want to be of bigger ? ''
It happens to be the cute exercise of before you take away the dream .
Why ?
If this question inspires kids to dream with what might be , not inspires to dream with everything that might be .
In fact , it does just the opposite , because when someone asks you what you want to be , you ca n't respond to 20 different things , even though they 're going to laugh and say , `` Oh , how cute , but you ca n't be an artisan of violins and psychologist .
You have to choose . ''
This is Dr. Bob Childs , and he 's craftsman to violins and <unk> .
And this Ng spot , a magazine that was turned on <unk> , entrepreneur , teacher and creative director .
But most kids do n't hear about people like this .
All you hear is that they 're going to have to choose .
But it 's more than that .
The notion of life focused is very idealized in our culture .
It 's this idea of destiny , or the real calling , the idea that every one of us has something to do during your time on this land , and you have to figure out what that thing is and dedicate your life to it .
But if you 're somebody who 's not connected this way ?
What if there are a lot of different issues that show up your curiosity and a lot of different things that you want to do ?
There 's no place for someone in that framework .
And so you can feel alone .
You can feel it does n't have a goal .
And I feel like there 's something wrong with you .
There 's nothing wrong in you .
You 're a <unk> .
One <unk> is someone with many interests and creative activities .
It 's a breath so I say .
It could help if it divide up in three parts : multiple , potential and <unk> .
You can also use other terms that we would have the same idea , as a scholar , <unk> .
During the middle of the Renaissance , the ideal was , who was fine with multiple disciplines .
Barbara <unk> refers to us as `` scanners . ''
You 'll make any term you like or give them a own one .
It seems like a kind of adapt to a community , we ca n't agree with one identity .
It 's easy to see <unk> as limitation or woe you have to beat .
But what I 've learned about talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website , is that there are huge strengths in being like this .
Here are three superpowers .
One : the synthesis of ideas .
I mean , the combination of two or more fields and creation of something new at the intersection .
<unk> <unk> and Rachel <unk> expressed their interest shared in cartography , visualization data , travel , and design and design , when I found <unk> .
<unk> is a company that creates `` geographically inspired jewelry jewelry . ''
<unk> and Rachel came up with this idea for its eclectic mixture of skills and experiences .
Innovation happens at intersections .
From there the new ideas come .
And the <unk> , with all their background , can access a lot of these points at an intersection .
The second <unk> superpower is fast .
When we 're interested in something , we 're going to do it .
We look at everything we can have in our hands .
We 're used to being beginners , for having been many times in the past , and this means that we have less afraid to test new things and out of our comfort zones .
A lot of skills are attached to other disciplines , and we bring everything we 've learned to each new place we 're going to pursue , so we rarely start from scratch .
<unk> <unk> is a <unk> following and writer .
As a little girl pianist was an incredible ability to develop the muscle memory .
Now , she 's the fastest <unk> .
Before it became a writer , it was a financial shield .
He had to learn the most fine sales mechanics when he was starting its practice , and this ability helps to write compelling launches for editors .
It 's rarely a loss of time to go to what you 're drawn to , even if you go down .
It 's possible to apply that knowledge in a whole different field , in a way that you could n't have foreseen .
The third <unk> superpower is adaptability . It is , the ability to transform into anything you need in a given situation .
Abe <unk> is sometimes director of videos , others , designer pages , sometimes a Kickstarter , sometimes a teacher , and sometimes , apparently , James Bond .
It 's valuable because it does a good job .
He 's even more valuable because it can take different roles , depending on the needs of their clients .
The <unk> Company defines adaptability as the most important ability for development , to thrive in the 21st century .
The economic world changes so quickly and <unk> that are the individuals and organizations that can enable us to meet the needs of the market , which we will thrive .
<unk> ideas , fast learning and adaptability : three skills where the <unk> are very adept , and three skills that could lose if they 're stressed to reduce their goals .
As a society , we have a great interest in encourage the <unk> that themselves .
We have complex problems , multidimensional right now , and we need no conventional creative thinkers to cope with them .
Let 's say they are , in your heart , specialists .
They came out of the belly , knowing that they wanted to be neurosurgeons .
Do n't worry , there 's nothing bad in you either .
In fact , some of the best teams make up a specialist and a <unk> <unk> .
The specialist can dive deep and put ideas , and the <unk> provides a amplitude of knowledge to the project .
It 's a beautiful relationship .
But all of us should design lives and careers that we 're dealing with the way we 're connected .
And unfortunately , they are encouraging them to be persuaded to just be more like their specialized partners .
Now , once you said this , if there 's one thing you can take from this talk , I hope it 's this : Let 's get it to the internal wiring , whatever .
If you 're a heart specialist , then , you know , let 's go through all the media .
That 's where you will give you the best .
But for the <unk> in the room , including those that you 've just realized being one of them in the last 12 minutes , I 'm telling you , let 's have a lot of their passions .
Keep curiosity for those rabbit 's <unk> .
Let 's break the intersections .
It takes us our internal wiring leads to a more authentic and happy life .
And perhaps most importantly , <unk> , the world needs us !
Thank you .
In the 1901 year , a woman named <unk> took her to a sanitarium in <unk> .
<unk> <unk> , and I could n't remember even the most basic details of their life .
His doctor called <unk> .
And I did n't know how to help <unk> it , but I would argue for it until unfortunately she died in 1906 .
After his death , <unk> did an autopsy , and found weird plates and it 's like this in the <unk> brain , of a guy who had never seen before .
The most amazing thing .
If you were to have been alive today , we could n't give it more help than that he was able to tell him months ago .
<unk> was Dr. <unk> Alzheimer 's .
And <unk> <unk> , the first patient to receive a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer 's disease .
From medicine has advanced a lot .
They 've been discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect us from the infections , a lot of treatments for cancer , antiretroviral drugs , for HIV , <unk> for <unk> and much more .
But it has been progress on Alzheimer 's treatment .
I 'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer 's disease for over a decade .
So I think about this all the time .
Alzheimer 's now affects 40 million worldwide .
But by 2050 , it will affect 150 million than , by the way , to include many of you .
If you 're expecting to live until 85 years or more , the possibility of Alzheimer 's will be almost one of each two .
In other words , there 's the likelihood that their years is going to happen with Alzheimer 's , or helping to take care of a friend or loved for Alzheimer 's disease .
In America alone , Alzheimer 's disease costs 200 billion dollars every year .
One of five dollars of healthcare is happening in Alzheimer 's disease .
Today , it 's the most expensive disease , and their costs required an increase in five times by 2050 , as the generation of the boomers age .
It may surprise you , but Alzheimer 's is one of the greatest medical and social challenges of our generation .
But it 's been relatively little done to fight .
Today , one of the top 10 causes of death around the world , Alzheimer 's is the only one that can not prevent , cure or even slow down its development .
We understand less about Alzheimer 's disease , because we 've invested less time and money in the same time .
The U.S. government spends 10 times more than every year in the cancer of cancer that in Alzheimer 's disease despite the fact that it costs us more Alzheimer 's disease and causes a similar number of deaths like cancer .
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause : the lack of consciousness .
Because this is what times people know , but everybody should : Alzheimer 's disease is a disease , and we can cure it .
For most of the last decade , all of us , even scientists , <unk> disease with aging .
We think that it will be <unk> in a normal and inevitable part of aging .
But you only have to look at a picture of a <unk> brain in comparison with a patient of Alzheimer 's disease to see the real physical damage caused by this disease .
In addition to unleash a severe loss of memory and mental skills , damage to brain caused by Alzheimer 's reduces , significantly , life expectancy , and it 's always fatal .
Remember , Dr. Alzheimer 's found plates and signs in the brain of <unk> a century ago .
For almost a century , we did n't know a lot about this .
Today we know that they 're made of protein molecules .
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that folds up as an origami .
There are places on the paper that are being touched .
And when it folds right , these sharp dots end up inside .
But sometimes things go wrong , and some <unk> points stay outside .
This makes the protein molecules <unk> between each other , forming groups that can form big plates and it 's like it .
That 's what we see in the brain of patients with Alzheimer 's .
We 've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works .
There 's a lot of steps , and what step forward is complex , like defuse a bomb .
<unk> a wire could do anything .
<unk> others can make the bomb explode .
You have to find the right step I block it , and then create a drug that does it .
Until recently , in the most part , they have reduced the wires and they 'd have the best .
But now there 's a bunch of diverse people , doctors , biologists , geneticists , chemicals , physicists , engineers and mathematicians .
And together , we 've managed to identify a critical step in the process . It 's now testing a new kind of drugs that block this step to stop the disease .
Let me show you some of our last results .
Nobody outside our lab has seen it yet .
Let 's see some videos of what happened when you try these drugs on worms .
These are the healthy worms , and you can see they 're moving with normal .
These worms , on the other hand , have molecules of protein that they stick into each other , as humans with Alzheimer 's .
And you can see that they 're clearly sick .
But by giving our new drugs in an early stage , then we see that heal and live a normal life .
This is just a positive outcome , but research as this shows that Alzheimer 's is a disease that we can understand and cure .
After 114 years of waiting , there 's real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years .
But to grow that hope , to defeat Alzheimer 's disease , we need help .
It 's not about scientists like me , it 's about you .
We have to realize that Alzheimer 's disease is a disease , and if we try , we can <unk> .
In the case of other diseases , patients and their families have given more research and pressure pressure on governments , the pharmaceutical industry , about scientists and legislators .
That was essential to move on HIV treatment in the late 1980s .
Today we see that same unit to overcome cancer .
But Alzheimer 's patients often ca n't talk for themselves .
And their families , the hidden victims , caregivers of their loved ones , and night , they 're often too <unk> to go out and advocate for change .
So , it really depends on you .
Alzheimer 's is not , mostly a genetic disease .
Everybody with a brain is the risk .
Today , there are 40 million patients like <unk> , who ca n't create the change that they need to themselves .
You 're talking about them , and help demand a cure .
Thank you .
I published this article in the New York Times , the New York Times , in January of this year .
To love someone , I do this .
The paper is about a psychological study , designed to create romantic love in the lab , and my own experience to prove it myself at myself last summer .
So the procedure is quite simple : Two strange questions , you 've got to be asked by 36 strange questions , and then they both look at the eyes without speaking for four minutes .
Here 's a couple of questions of example .
Number 12 : If you could wake up tomorrow with a quality or your ability , what would it be ?
Number 28 : When was the last time you 're going to meet someone else ?
And just ?
<unk> that goes forward , these are increasingly personal .
Number 30 : I really like -- Tell your partner what you like from him or her , I know very honest this time , and I gave things that you would n't say to someone you 've just met .
When I came across this study a few years ago , a very detail was really struck by me , the gossip that two of the participants had married six months later and invited all of the lab to the ceremony .
So , I was skeptical about this process of making romantic love , but , of course , I was also intrigued .
And when I had the time to test this study , with someone I knew not particularly well , I did n't expect to fall .
Yet we fell in love with , and I thought it was a good story , so I send me a few months later .
That was published in January , and now it 's August , so I guess some of you will probably ask yourself , `` They keep up together ?
And the reason I think you challenge this is because I 've done this question over and over over the last seven months .
And this question is just what I want to talk about today .
But let 's go back to the topic .
A week before the article was published the article .
I 'd been working on a romantic book in the last few years , so I had taught me to write about my experience in romantic love in my blog .
But a blog ticket can come to a few hundred views like a lot , and those were usually just about my Facebook friends and imagined that my article in the New York Times would have probably a few thousands of views .
And that has been a relatively new burden of attention to a relatively new relationship .
But he had no idea .
The paper was published on a Friday night , and already on Saturday , this happened in my blog traffic .
And Sunday , I had already called me Project Show and The Good <unk> America .
In a month , the paper received over eight million hits , and I was , to say something , little prepared for this kind of attention .
One thing is to foster confidence writing with sincerity on their own love experiences , but another thing is to find out that the loving life of one has been international news , and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship .
And when people called or write , what they did every day for weeks , always , they did first the same question : still still together ?
In fact , when I was preparing this talk , I did a quick search for the mailbox of my email with the phrase , `` still still together ? ''
And several messages came down immediately .
They were students and journalists and journalists like this .
I was interviewing me on the radio , and they asked him .
Even , I gave a talk , and a woman shouted to the stage , `` Hey know where your boyfriend is ? ''
And I immediately got red .
I understand that this is part of the deal .
If you write about your relationship to an international newspaper , you should expect people to feel comfortable by asking about it .
But I was n't ready for the scale of the answer .
The 36 questions seemed to have been alive .
In fact , the New York Times published a complementary article for Valentine 's experiences , who included readers to prove the study in them with different degrees of success .
So my first impulse to all this attention was to be very suspicious of my own relationship .
I said not to every request that we both did a public emergence together .
I had a television interviews , and he refused to shoot pictures of us two .
I think he was afraid of becoming the <unk> icons of the <unk> process , a range for which I did n't feel at all qualified .
And I understand that people did n't want to know only if the study worked , they wanted to know if it really worked , they wanted to know if it was able to produce <unk> love , not just an adventure , but real love , <unk> love .
But this was a question I was n't able to answer .
My relationship was just a few months , and I felt , especially , people made the wrong question .
How do you know if we would follow together or not , and then say ?
If the answer was not , I would make the experience of doing these 36 more interesting questions ?
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1997 , and there , the research goal was not producing romantic love .
Instead , I was looking at interpersonal <unk> among college students , using what Aron Aron called <unk> , progressive , progressive and reciprocal .
It sounds romantic , right ?
But the study did work .
The participants were felt closer after doing that , and several months later , they also used the protocol , <unk> <unk> of Aron as a rapid way of creating trust and interaction between strangers .
They 've used it between members of the police and community , and they 've used it among people from opposing political ideologies .
The original version of the story , which I tried last summer , which combines personal questions with four minutes of visual contact , was cited in this article , but unfortunately it was never published .
A few months ago , I was giving a talk at a small liberal arts university , and then a student came up to me and she said to me , and she said to me , `` I 've tested the study and did n't work .
He seemed puzzled by it .
And I said , `` Do you want to say that you 'd tell you about the person who did you ? ''
Well he did a pause .
I think she just wants to be friends .
And I said , `` But became better friends ? ''
Did you feel that they did better know better after trying to get the study ?
The nodded .
So , it worked , '' I said .
But I do n't think that was the answer that he was looking for .
In fact , I do n't think it 's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love .
I came across the study for the first time when I was 29 , and I was going through a really difficult separation .
I had had that relationship since I had 20 , what I was supposed to pretty much all my adult life , and he was my first real love , and he had no idea how or if I could live without him .
So I went into science .
And I did everything I could find on the science of romantic love , and I expected that that could be a certain form of the heart .
I do n't know if I realized this at the moment I thought I just did research for the book that I was writing , but in retrospect , it really seems obvious .
I thought that if I was built with the knowledge of romantic love , I would never have to feel as bad as I was then .
And all this knowledge has been useful from one or another .
I 'm more patient with love . I 'm more relaxed .
I have more confident to demand what I 'm looking for .
But I can also see me more clearly , and I can realize that what I 'm looking for is sometimes more than reasonably to demand me .
What I 'm looking for of love is a guarantee , not just loved it today and being loved tomorrow , but to keep being loved indefinitely for the person I love .
It may be the guarantee that people would ask when they wanted to know if we were still together .
The story told the story about 36 questions is that there may be a shortcut to love .
There may be a way to mitigate some sense of implicit risk , and this is a very attractive story , because in love it makes us feel beautifully , but it 's also terrifying .
But I think when it comes to love , we 're very willing to accept the short version of the story .
The version of the story that asks , still , still together ?
And their content with a <unk> response or not .
So more than a question , would I ask you to make questions harder , questions like : How do you decide who deserves your love and who does n't ?
How do you stay in love when the things get done , and how do you know when to cut and distance themselves ?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably leads to a relationship , or more , how do you live in your partner doubt ?
I do n't necessarily know the answers to these questions , but I think it 's a good start to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love someone .
So , if you want the short version of the story of my relationship , it 's this one , a year ago , a year ago , and I applied a study designed to create romantic love , we fell in love , we still follow together , and I 'm very happy .
But in love , it 's not the same as to remain in love .
<unk> is the easy part .
So at the end of my article I wrote , `` Love did n't happen .
They fell in love in love because we take the choice to be .
And I shudder to read it now , not because it 's not true , but because at the moment , he had n't thought of what that choice was supposed to do .
I did n't consider how many times we would have to make that decision , and how much times I will have to keep doing that choice without knowing before if he would always choose or not .
I want it to be enough to have done , and say 36 questions , I 'd chosen to love someone so generous , kind and fun , and they would have expressed that choice on the largest American newspaper in America .
But what I 've done , instead , is to convert my relationship to the kind of myth that I do n't really believe .
And what I 'm looking for , and what I might spend my life looking for is that that myth is true .
I want the happy implicit in the title of my article , which is , by the way , the only part of the article that I did n't actually write .
But what I have instead is the opportunity to love someone , and the hope that he will also love , and it 's terrifying , but that 's the deal with love .
Thank you .
I was raised by some lesbian in full mountain , and in a way , I came like a <unk> of the forest .
One thing that really affected me , but more details later on .
I 'll start with when I was eight years old .
I took a wooden box , and I would take a dollar bill , a pen and a fork in it somewhere in Colorado .
And I thought that some alien humanoid or some aliens would find this box about about 500 years later , and we 'll see how our species would have <unk> ideas , for example , how we eat spaghetti .
I had no idea .
Anyway , it 's funny because here I am , 30 years later , and I 'm still making boxes .
At a moment , I was in Hawaii -- I like to go from travel and make to surf and all those weird things -- and I was making a collage for my mother .
And I took a dictionary and I took it all the pages and I made a kind of <unk> <unk> , and I made a kind of <unk> , and he covered it in resin and a bee was stuck .
Well , my mother is afraid of bees and it 's <unk> to them , so I added more resin on the canvas , thinking that I could make it <unk> .
Instead , the opposite happened , in some ways it seemed to grow up , as if it was going to hold the text with a magnifying glass .
So I did ? I built more boxes .
This time , I started adding electronic elements , frogs , strange bottles that I was finding out on the street , everything I could find , because I was looking for things all my life , trying to relate and tell stories about these objects .
So I started drawing around the objects , and I realized that God can draw in space .
I can flow <unk> , and draw the same thing that you 're doing about a body in the scene of crime .
And I took the objects out and created my own taxonomy of specimens invented .
First , the botanical ones that you 'll be able to do an idea .
Then I made some insects and weird creatures .
It was very fun to draw in the resin .
And it was great , because I started building exhibitions and things , and I was making some money , to take my girlfriend for dinner , for example , to go to <unk> .
It was great , man .
At some point I was interested in the human form , <unk> sculptures of natural size with drawings of human beings inside the layers .
It was great , except for one thing : I was dying .
I did n't know what to do , because the resin was going to kill me .
And I was going to bed every night thinking about it .
So I tried to use glass .
I started drawing on the glass layers , and I started drawing on a window in a window , then in another window , and another window , and I had all these windows together as a three-dimensional composition .
And this really worked , and so I could stop using the resin .
So I did this for years , and my work <unk> with something very big , I call `` triptych . ''
For the triptych , I was inspired by `` The garden of the delight , '' from Hieronymus Bosch , which is a painting at the <unk> Museum in Spain .
You know ?
Well , it 's a fantastic picture .
They say it 's a little bit ahead of your time .
Well , you know , the triptych .
It weighs 11 pounds .
5.5 feet long .
It has double expensive , so it 's 10 meters of composition .
It 's a little bit weird .
Well , that 's the blood source .
On the left , it 's Jesus and <unk> .
There 's a cave where all these creatures with moving heads travel between two worlds .
You 're going to go from the world of representation , to this coastal <unk> mesh .
This is where creatures with heads of animals go to the <unk> , ready to commit suicide in the ocean .
The ocean is made of thousands of elements .
This is a bird strapped to a <unk> .
Billy Graham is in the sea ; The Horizon -- the <unk> , <unk> platform of <unk> -- the hut of Osama Bin Laden , there are all sorts of weird things that you can find if they look very well in the ocean .
But also a kind of <unk> .
It 's coming out of the ocean , and it spits out oil in a hand while the other hand goes out clouds .
Their hands are like <unk> , and it seems a mythological self that holds the Earth and the cosmos in equilibrium .
So it 's one aspect of the triptych .
It 's a little bit of a narrative .
That 's the hand in which it spits out .
And then , when you go to the other side , you have a nose , like a bird 's peak , and it spits out clouds of this nose .
It also has a <unk> tail , a <unk> tail that binds to `` triptych . ''
Anyway , your tail turn on fire on a volcano .
I do n't know why it happened .
Things that go through , you know .
Her tail ends up in an eye of terrorist boards made from 1986 .
Have you seen them ?
They were made in the 1980s , as if they were baseball cards .
It brings me back to my last project .
I 'm in the middle of two projects : One is called `` <unk> . ''
This is a six year-old project to do 100 of these human beings .
Each one is an archive of our culture , through media and material to be encyclopedias , dictionaries or magazines .
But each one acts as a kind of a human , and they travel in groups of 20 , four or 12 at the same time .
They 're like cells , they come together , divide .
And you can walk between them . It 's taking years .
Each one is basically a microscope <unk> that weighs 1,300 pounds with a human being trapped inside .
This is a little cave on the chest .
That 's the head ; it 's the chest , you can <unk> the entrance .
I 'm going to get to you for the rest of the body : there 's a waterfall coming out of your chest , and it covers the penis or <unk> , or whatever it has , a kind of <unk> thing .
It 's a quick review of these works because I ca n't afford it for a long time .
We have layers , you can see .
This is a <unk> body .
This has two heads , and it 's communicating between the two .
There 's a few pills coming out and go into the head of this strange statue .
There 's a small forest scene inside the ribcage .
Can you see it ?
Anyway , this talk is about these boxes , just like the boxes that we live in .
We 're in a box , the solar system is a box .
This brings me to my last box .
It 's a brick box . It 's called Advanced <unk> .
Inside this box is a physicist , a neuroscientist , a painter , a painter , a <unk> , a <unk> , a school radio , a school , an editorial arm that spreads all the content we do in the world , and a garden .
They put the box and all the people in it hit each other as particles .
And I think that 's how to change the world .
When you redefines who is and the box that 's living .
And together we get to realize that we are all together in this , that this illusion that we are different , these concepts of countries , of religion , does n't work .
We 're all very made of the same stuff in the same box and in the same box .
And if we do n't start trading those things with sweetness and say , we 're all going to die very soon .
Thank you very much .
What do you do when it hurts your head ?
They take an aspirin .
But so that this pill has effect against pain , first goes through the stomach , the bowels and other organs .
So to take a pill is the most effective system and <unk> , so that any drug is embedded in the body .
The downside , though , is that the <unk> of any drug gets diluted out .
And this is a big problem , especially in patients with HIV .
When they take antiretroviral drugs , these serve the amount of viruses in the blood , and it will increase the stem cells account .
But they 're also known for their adverse side effects , mostly negative , because in time that it takes to our bloodstream , it 's <unk> , and worse on the time that it takes to its destination , which is where it 's most important : in the HIV deposit .
These are regions of the body like the lymph nodes , the nervous system , the lungs , where the virus is dead and it does n't easily go into the bloodstream of patients who are arranged to regular therapy with antiretroviral drugs .
However , after the disruption of treatment , the virus can wake up and infect blood cells .
This is the big problem of HIV treatment with the current drugs that is a treatment for life that is oral life .
And one day , I sat down and I thought , `` Could we make the treatment directly to the deposit of the virus , without the risk of fulfilling drugs ? ''
As a scientist scientist in lasers , the answer was in front of me : the lasers , of course .
If you use dentistry , for the care of wounds and the diabetes , you can use it for anything imaginable , including transportation transport .
In fact , we 're already using laser pulses to open or drill extremely small holes , which open and closed , almost immediately the infected cells with HIV to introduce the drugs .
And they ask , `` How is that possible ? ''
We sent a small laser beam of laser on the cell cell living cell while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug .
laser through the cell , while the cell absorbs the drug in question of microseconds .
Before you even realize , the hole is <unk> immediately .
We 're testing this technology in vitro or in dishes , but the goal is to bring this technology to the human body , apply it to the human body .
`` How is that possible ? '' You can ask .
Well , the answer is : through a <unk> device .
With the first head , which is our laser , we 'll make an incision on the site of infection .
The second head , which is a camera , goes to the site of infection .
Finally , the third head , a <unk> that distributes the drug , it releases directly on the site of infection , while the laser is used again to keep the cells open .
Well , this does n't seem a lot of time .
But one day , if you succeed , this technology can lead to the total eradication of HIV .
Yes . A cure for HIV .
This is the dream of all HIV researcher in our case , a laser treatment .
Thank you .
In the last decade , I 've studied armed armed groups : organizations like terrorists , insurgents or militia .
<unk> what these groups do when they 're not shooting .
My goal is to understand better to these generators generators and study ways to encourage the transition from violent engagement to the nonviolent confrontation .
I do field work , in the world of politics and in the library .
Understanding these groups is key to solving the whole conflict in course , because the war has changed .
I used to be a dispute between states .
no longer .
Now it 's a conflict between states and non-governmental actors .
For example , of the <unk> peace agreements , between 1975 and 2011 , <unk> signed between a state and a non-governmental actor .
So we need to understand these groups , we even have to engage or engage them in any resolution of successful conflict .
But how do you do that ?
We need to know what motivates these organizations .
We know very well the reasons why they fight , how they do , but nobody analyzes what they do when they do n't fight .
The armed struggle and the policies were not armed with that .
It 's all part of the same organization .
We ca n't understand these groups , not much less <unk> , without a global view .
The armed groups today are complex organizations .
For instance , the Lebanese <unk> , known for their violent interviewee against Israel .
From its creation in the 1980s , <unk> has also established a political party , a social service network and a military device .
Similarly , Palestinian Hamas , known for his suicide bomber against Israel , also runs the Gaza Strip since 2007 .
So these groups make more than just shooting .
They 're multitasking .
They put a complex communication engine : radio stations , TV channels , Internet websites and strategies in social networks .
And here you have the journal ISIS , printed in English and published for recruitment .
armed groups also invest in a complex fundraising funds , but through business profitable , for example , construction companies .
These activities are key .
They allow these groups to increase their strength , increase their funds , to recruit better and build their brand .
armed groups also do something else : create stronger ties with their population by investing in social services .
They build the schools , they run hospitals , they 're going to run professional , professional training programs .
<unk> offers all these services and more .
armed groups also try to conquer the population offering something that the state does n't give , security and protection .
The rise of the Taliban in a Afghanistan was torn by war , or even the beginning of the rise of ISIS , can also understand the efforts of these groups to provide safety .
Unfortunately , in these cases , security has an equal equal price for the population .
But in general , providing social services means to fill a vacuum , a <unk> gap by government , and allows them to strengthen and increase their power .
For example , the electoral victory of 2006 's Hamas ca n't be understood without recognizing the social work of the group .
It 's a really complex scenario , even in the West , when we look at armed groups , we just think about the violent side .
But that 's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups , the strategy or the long-term view .
These groups are hybrids .
They are grown because they fill in gaps left by the government , and they emerge as armed and political groups , participate in the violent struggle and give governance .
And the more complex and sophisticated , these organizations are organizations , we can sort of <unk> as a opposite of a state .
How do I call a group like <unk> ?
They were part of a territory , run all their functions , collect the trash , manage the sewer system .
Is it a state ? Is it a rebel group ?
Or maybe it 's something else , something new and different .
And what is ISIS ?
The lines are <unk> .
We live in a world of states , of Latin nations , and the weaker are the states , like in the Middle East , the more intervene , and they fill that gap the non-state actors .
This is important for governments , because to counter these groups will have to invest more in tools not military tools .
It has to be in the middle of the government has to be in the center of any sustainable approach .
This is very important to build and put peace .
If we understand the armed groups , we will understand better what incentives to offer to encourage the transition from violence to violence .
In this new dispute between states and state actors , military power can make some battles , but not giving us peace and stability .
To get these goals , we need long-term investments to fill that security vacuum , to fill that gap of government that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle .
Thank you .
I 'm a failure as a woman and as a feminist .
My opinions about gender equality are <unk> , but I 'm afraid to accept the label of the feminist label would be unfair for feminist .
I 'm a feminist , but pretty bad .
And therefore I 'm going to get me up as a bad feminist .
Or , at least , I wrote an article , and a book called `` The Bad feminist , '' and then in interviews , people started to call me the <unk> <unk> .
So , what started as a personal joke meant for myself and a deliberate crank , has become something larger .
Let me give you a step back .
When I was young , especially in my youth and at the age of 20 , I had weird ideas about feminists , these women would cooperate , anger with men and hated sex , as if that was a bad thing .
Today , I see how women are treated all over the world and anger , in particular , looks a perfectly reasonable answer .
But at that time , I was worried about the tone that I was using people to notice that I could be a feminist .
It 's being labeled as a feminist was an accusation , which is a taboo and disgusting word .
I became a woman who does n't follow the rules , which calls too much , with high self-esteem and dare to believe it 's equal or superior to a man .
No one wants to be that rebel woman , until it realizes that it 's actually that woman and ca n't imagine to be another person .
Over time , as I grew up , I started to accept that I 'm , in fact , a feminist , and also proud to be .
For me , certain claims are <unk> : women are equal to men .
They 're going to get the same wages for the same work .
We have the right to travel around the world like <unk> , free or violence .
We have right to use it in easy ways and accessible to contraceptives and reproductive services .
We have the right to decide about our bodies , without any need for legislative controls or doctrines .
We have the right to respect .
There 's more .
When you talk about the needs of women , you have to have our other identities .
We 're not just women .
We are people with a different body , expression of gender , religion and sexuality , social condition , skills and much more .
We need to notice these differences and how they affect us , in the same way that matters what we have in common .
Without this kind of inclusion , our feminism is nothing .
For me , these truths are obvious , but to be clear : I 'm a disaster .
I 'm full of contradictions .
There 's a lot of things that make me a bad feminist .
I have another confession .
When I lead to work , I hear rap music <unk> all volume .
Even though the lyrics degrades for women and offends me , the classic `` Salt <unk> '' of yin <unk> , it 's amazing .
`` Make it happen with your wet t-shirt .
<unk> , shake it until the shell hurts ! ''
Think about it .
<unk> poetry , right ?
I 'm completely mortified for my musical taste .
I firmly believe in the work of man , which is all I do n't want to do , including -- all the domestic tasks , but also kill insects , the garbage collection , the <unk> and the maintenance of <unk> .
I do n't want to have anything to do with that .
The rose is my favorite color .
I love the fashion magazines and the beautiful things .
I can see `` The <unk> , '' and our romantic comedies , and I have to have <unk> of the fairy tales that they make .
Some of my crimes are more <unk> .
If a woman wants to adopt the name of her husband , it 's his choice , and I 'm not who to judge .
If a woman decides to stay home to raise her children , I accept that choice , too .
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice , the problem is that our society is <unk> so that it makes women economically vulnerable when they choose .
Let 's a problem .
<unk> the conventional feminism that has ignored or rejected the needs of color women , the workers , gay and transgendered women , favor of white , heterosexuals , middle class and high .
Listen , if that 's good feminism is a very bad feminist .
The next thing happens : As a feminist , I feel a lot of pressure .
We have this tendency to put highlighted feminist on a pedestal .
We hope that we 're going to stop perfection .
When we got away , we retired with a lot of taste from the same pedestal where we put them .
As I said , I 'm a disaster ; I 've already considered myself to be <unk> from that pedestal before I try to put myself there .
Too many women , particularly innovative , and the leaders of the sector , are afraid to be tagged as a feminist .
They 're afraid to stand up and say , `` Yes , I 'm a feminist , '' for fear of what that sticker means , for fear of not being able to fulfill the <unk> expectations .
Let 's take for example , or like I call it , the Goddess .
In the last few years , it 's a <unk> feminist .
This is at MTV , in MTV , act in front of the word `` feminist , '' from three meters high .
It was a wonderful show , to see this pop star embrace openly the feminism and making young men and young men who become a feminist is something to be proud of .
It takes away the time , cultural critics started the endless , whether it was or not exactly feminist .
He would get his feminism , instead of simply believing the word of an adult and mature woman .
Be perfection from feminist , because we 're still struggling for a lot , we want a lot , we need a lot , we need a lot .
We go far beyond the sane and constructive criticism , to get the feminism of any woman , to tear it up until it 's not left .
We do n't need to do that .
The bad feminism , or rather , a more inclusive feminism is the starting point .
But what happens next ?
We went from recognizing our flaws to give account , move to action and be a little bit more courageous .
If I listen to music music , I 'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy providing an unlimited supply .
These artists will not change their way to talk about women in their songs , until they can change change affecting indeed their profits .
It 's certainly hard .
Why has its music to be so <unk> ?
It 's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice .
But when bad decisions are justify this , it makes it more difficult for women to achieve equality , the equality we all deserve and it 's our responsibility .
I think of my nieces , three and four years .
They 're two great , bright girls , and also very brave . I want you to grow up in a world .
It 's where they 're being appreciated for the strong creatures that they are .
I think of them , all of a sudden , the best option goes into a much easier to do .
We can all make better decisions .
We can change the channel when a television program is treating sexual violence against women as a sports , <unk> the Game of <unk> .
We can change the radio radio when we hear songs that treat women like nothing .
We can spend our money to go to the movies in another part when movies do n't treat women more than as decorative objects .
We can stop supporting professional sports sports where athletes treat their peers as custom-made sacks .
In any case , men , especially white men , heterosexual men can say , `` No , I 'm not going to publish it in their journal , to participate in their project , or to work with you , until it does n't bring enough number of women , so much to participate in making decisions .
I 'm not going to work with you until your publication , or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people . ''
Those of us who are <unk> , but invited me to participate in this kind of projects , we can also get them to become even as well as welcome to overcome the barriers to the decision .
We 're not <unk> groupers . Without these efforts , without embracing these positions , our achievements are going to mean very little .
We can make these little acts of courage and hope that our decisions will come to the top , to people in the power of directors and movie producers and music , CEOs , CEOs , people who can make great decisions , more courageous , to create durable and meaningful change .
We can also tell with the courage our feminism , well , bad , or whatever .
The last line of my book `` Bad <unk> '' says , `` I 'd like to be a bad feminist not to be at all . ''
This is true because of a lot of reasons , but I say it , especially , because my voice was stolen , and feminism helped me .
There was an incident .
I call it an incident to address what happened .
A few guys would tell me when I was very young , and I did n't know that kids can do this to a girl .
They treated me like nothing .
I started believing it was nothing .
I 'm going to get my voice , and after all I did n't think I could say something that might matter .
But ... I was writing .
And I went back to <unk> .
I became a stronger version of myself .
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine , and the women who looked like me and understood what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin .
I read the words of the women who showed me that it was nothing .
I learned how to write like them , and then I learned how to write like myself .
I found my voice again , and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure .
Through writing and feminism , I also found that if I was a little brave , another woman could hear me and see that none of us is the nothing that the world is trying to tell us that we are .
In one hand , I have the power to achieve anything .
And in the other , I argue the humiliating reality that I 'm just a woman .
I 'm a bad feminist , I 'm a good woman , I 'm trying to improve my thinking , what I 'm saying and what I do , without abandoning everything that makes me human .
I hope we can all do the same thing .
I hope that we can all be a little courageous , when you need such a courage .
Just after Christmas last year , <unk> children in California had measles , or to be exposed to someone who had been there .
The virus then went through the border with Canada , infecting over 100 children in <unk> .
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles that can be fatal for a child with an immune immune system , is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world .
There 's an effective vaccine against this for more than half a century , but many of the children involved in the Disneyland Disneyland had not been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something that was n't even worse : autism .
But a moment , was n't the article that unleashed the argument about autism and the <unk> vaccines , disqualified and marked because of the British Medical Journal ?
Does n't believe the majority of intelligent scientists that vaccines cause autism is a stupidity ?
I think most of you know it , but millions of parents around the world are still going to suggest that vaccines to be endangered to their children of having autism .
Why ?
Here 's why .
This is a graph of the rising estimates of autism in time .
For most of the 20th century , autism was considered a very rare disease .
And the few psychologists and pediatricians that I had heard about it , they create all his professional life without seeing a single case .
For decades , the prevalence estimates continued to just three or four children for every 10,000 .
But then , in the 1990s , the numbers started <unk> .
NGOs of fundraising as <unk> <unk> refer to autism as an epidemic , as if I could catch another child in Disneyland .
What 's going on ?
If you 're not the vaccines , what is it ?
If you ask people in the Center for Disease Control , what 's going on , tend to be based on sentences like `` diagnostic criteria '' and `` a better detection of cases '' to explain these growing numbers .
But that kind of language does n't dissipate a lot of the fears of a young mother who seeks to look at his two-year-old son .
If the diagnostic criteria had to scale , why were they so reduced to the beginning ?
Why were the case of autism so hard to find before the 1990s ?
Five years ago , I decided to figure out the answers to these questions .
I learned that what happened has less to do with slow progress and careful the science of storytelling power .
For most of the 20th century , doctors told a story about what the autism is and how it discovered , but that story turned out to be false , and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact on global public health .
There was a second more accurate story of autism that had been lost and forgotten in the dark corners of the clinical literature .
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we have to go .
The first story starts with a child psychiatry , Leo <unk> , at the Johns Hopkins Hospital , in 1943 , <unk> published an article that describes 11 young patients who looked like demolition private worlds , <unk> people around them , even to their own parents .
They could have fun for hours by waving their hands in front of their faces , but they were prey to panic as when they do n't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them .
On the basis of patients treated in their clinic , <unk> <unk> that autism is very rare .
For the 1950s , as the main authority of the world in the subject , I found that I 'd seen less than 150 real cases of their syndrome as they pick up reference to places as far as South Africa .
This is actually not surprising , because the criteria for autism 's diagnosis were very <unk> .
For example , let 's give that diagnosis to children with seizures , but now we know that epilepsy is very common in autism .
Once it became , he had become nine from every 10 children sent by other doctors to his office for being autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism .
<unk> was a smart man , but part of his theories were not <unk> .
They would define autism as a form of child psychosis caused by cold , cold parents .
These kids , he said , they 've kept a fridge in a refrigerator that was not <unk> .
At the same time , though , I noticed that some of their young patients had special skills that cluster together in certain areas like music , mathematics and memory .
One of the kids in his clinic could distinguish 18 symphonies before they turned two .
When his mother put one of his favorite records , he properly said , `` Beethoven . ''
But I had a bad opinion of these skills , stating things like the children were simply taking away what they had heard of their parents ' parents , desperate to win their approval .
As a result , autism became a source of shame for families , and two autistic children were sent to institutions for their own good , becoming invisible to the world in general .
Remarkably , it was n't until the 1970s that the researchers started to test the theory of <unk> that autism was rare .
<unk> <unk> , the cognitive psychologist in London , thought that the theory of <unk> mothers ' theory was quite stupid .
She and her husband John were warm and <unk> people , and they had a deep autistic daughter named Susie .
<unk> and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like <unk> without special support , no special education , and no access to other resources without a diagnosis .
To defend the National <unk> Service that needed more resources for autistic children and their families , <unk> and their colleague Judith Gould decided to do something that should be done 30 years before .
They launched a study of prevalence for autism in the general population .
I took a suburb of London called <unk> to try to find autistic children in the community .
What you saw made away that the <unk> model was too limited , because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse .
Some kids could n't speak at all , while others were <unk> in their fascination with astrophysics , in the dinosaurs or genealogy of the <unk> .
Otherwise , these kids did n't fit in beautiful paintings and <unk> , as Judith said , and they saw a lot of them , much more than the <unk> model of <unk> would have predicted .
At first , they were lost for trying to make sense of their data .
How did n't anybody realize these kids before ?
But then I found a reference to an article published in German in 1944 , the next year of the <unk> article , and then he forgot , buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember .
He knew about this article of competition , but I avoided <unk> mentioning in his own work .
There was n't even an English translation of English , but thankfully , the husband of <unk> German , and he translated it for her .
The document provides an alternative history of autism .
His author was a man named Hans Asperger , who ran an integrated clinic with a school in Vienna in the 1930s .
The ideas of Asperger 's ideas for children 's education , they were <unk> even for contemporary standards .
The morning in his clinic started with music classes , and children were still on Sunday afternoon .
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism , Asperger 's described as disabilities of life that required compassionate and <unk> spaces during the course of all life .
Instead of treating children in their clinic as patients , Asperger calls their little teachers , and he took to help the development of education that were especially suitable for them .
Basically , Asperger has seen autism as a continuum that included an amazing variety of gifts and disability .
He believed that autism and autistic features were common , and they 've always been looking at aspects of this continuous archetypes in the known social culture as the awkward social scientist and the <unk> professor .
He was beyond even to say , for success in science and art , an ounce of autism is essential .
And Judith and Judith found that <unk> was wrong in the fact that autism was <unk> , so the parents were the <unk> .
Over the next few years , they worked in silence with the American Association of Rio to expand the diagnostic criteria that will reflect the diversity of what they called `` autistic spectrum . ''
In the late '80s and the early '90s , their changes in place , in <unk> , <unk> model of <unk> by a broad and inclusive model of Asperger 's .
These changes did n't fell into broken bag .
Now , when I went through and Judith worked in the back to reform these criteria , people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time .
Before `` Rain Man '' in 1988 , just a little circle , <unk> by experts knew what the autism was , but after the unforgettable acting , Hoffman like Raymond <unk> and `` Rain Man , '' with four awards on the Academy , pediatricians , psychologists , teachers and parents all over the world knew what the autism was .
At the same time , they introduced the first easy clinical trials to use to diagnose autism .
There was no longer supposed to have a connection to that little circle of experts to get a diagnosis for their son .
The combination of `` Rain Man '' changes in the criteria and the introduction of these tests created a network effect , a perfect storm of autism awareness .
The number of diagnostics started rising , just like they predicted <unk> and Judith , in fact hoping that it was , achieving people with autism and their families finally get their support and services that were deserved .
So Andrew <unk> got to blame vaccines for the increase in diagnostics , and a simple , powerful story , and seductive history as bad as autism theory was <unk> .
If the current estimate of the center is that one of 68 children in America are in the spectrum , it 's right , the autistic are one of the largest minority groups in the world .
In the last few years , the autistic people have joined the Internet to reject the idea that the puzzles are to solve for the new medical advances , <unk> the term `` <unk> '' to celebrate varieties of human cognition .
One way to understand <unk> is to think about terms of human operating systems .
The fact that a PC does n't work with Windows , it does n't mean it 's broken .
According to autistic standards , the normal human brain is easily <unk> , social dweller , and it suffers from a care deficit to the details .
Surely , autistic people have difficulty living in a world not built for them .
70 years later , we 're still achieving Asperger 's , which believed that the `` cure '' for the most autism aspects of autism are in understanding teachers , employers , support communities , and parents with faith in the potential of their children .
An autistic woman named <unk> <unk> once said , `` We need all the hands on deck to promote the ship of humanity . ''
As we go into an uncertain future , we need all forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges that we face as a society .
We ca n't afford to waste a brain .
Thank you .
